All right, we are live.
Welcome everybody to the Archon live
stream. We're going to be diving into
everything with Archon today. So, I
posted a YouTube video just this week
introducing the new version of Archon.
Uh, but now we get to actually go deep
into using it. And there are a couple of
things I have up my sleeve today that
are kind of interesting. So, I'm going
to be building a what's called a dark
factory this month. If it sounds spooky
or interesting to you, we'll talk about
that more uh in a little bit. Um that'll
be kind of like the tail end of our live
stream today. So, yeah, but I want to
start by actually introducing Archon to
you guys. Uh just to give a whole, you
know, overview of the tool. I know that
I talked about it on Wednesday in the
YouTube video, but I I want to be pretty
comprehensive in the live stream today.
And then we'll build some workflows
together. I'll show you what it looks
like to use Archon, how I use it on the
daily basis, and then we'll get into the
the dark factory stuff. I'm pretty
excited. So, uh yeah, I'm sitting down
right now. I'm like actually like always
standing in my live streams and my
YouTube videos, but uh I had a couple
leg days like in a row. Um, and my legs
are like toasted right now, so it's
really It actually kind of like hurts to
stand right now. It's pretty crazy. Um,
so yeah, I'm actually sitting down for a
live stream. I've like never done that
before. Um, but yeah. Anyway, so I've
got my left monitor here with all of the
comments from you guys that I'm
watching. And then I've got my right
monitor where I have my streaming
software. So when you see me look
around, that's what I'm doing. And then
obviously I'm sharing my screen on the
main monitor right here. So, I can
actually switch to share my screen here
and then I can pop up chats like this
right here. Hey, Cole, looking forward
to this one. I appreciate very much.
Yeah, so I I was checking out the chat
as I was getting things started here.
It's exciting to see uh everyone in here
already. Congrats on the launch. Love
seeing the structure for AI workflows.
Still wrapping my head around its
potential, you know. I appreciate Thomas
and I still am as well because it's
actually kind of crazy. Um, maybe we'll
talk about this a little bit today, but
we can use Archon for a lot more than
just AI coding. Like you can use it for
any kind of agentic workflow, for deep
research or any kind of like content
creation. Um, I'm not going to build
anything around that now, but that's
going to be more coming soon in videos
and future live streams. So, yeah, the
the possibilities are pretty limitless
here. And I think as I really introduce
Archon to you guys right now, you'll see
what I'm talking about.
Cool. All good sitting down. You still
look great, Cole. Appreciate it, Eric.
Yeah, it feels weird to me, but um yeah,
I definitely need it right now. It's
exactly right. Never skip leg day. Yeah.
So, so I I started doing so I was doing
a lot of CrossFit last year
and um I took a break. I just like
started going to like a regular
commercial gym and I'm now I'm back to
doing CrossFit again. And uh the
workouts were pretty intense last couple
days for the legs. Um so yesterday was a
lot of uh Bulgarian split squats,
jumping lunges, uh wall balls, and um
and biking.
So yeah, I'm pretty cooked, but it's
good.
Uh all right, cool. So, I'm going to go
ahead and
pop up my uh Obsidian vault here. So,
I've got the diagram to really introduce
why I built Archon in the first place.
And I I also want to be clear here. I
did not build Archon by myself. There
are a couple of people that helped me a
lot with Archon. Uh Raasmus and Thomas
are the two that have really helped me
the most with the project. Uh Thomas is
here. He's a DIY smart code. Uh so he's
here. I see him in the chat. Shout out
to Thomas. Not sure why there's an echo
for the stream, Thomas, but yeah, thank
you for all the work that you've done on
Archon. Rasmus, I don't know if he's
here. Uh but yeah, big shout out to him
as well.
Um yeah, I don't think he is for today,
but that's all good. So yeah, I' I've
had I've had a lot of help building
Archon and of course I've had a lot of
help from Claude Code building Archon as
well. Uh let me tell you, I am using
Archon to build Archon constantly. I'll
show you guys what that looks like today
as well. But let's talk about the
evolution here. Why we care about
Archon? Why why did I care about
building it in the first place? So allow
me to like talk about this for a little
bit. U because I really want to get you
guys on board with the vision that I
have here. And it is a big vision. So
it's everyone knows that like prompt
engineering was a big thing when
generative AI first became a thing back
in 2022. So we had like you know the
release of GPT 3.5 Turbo. That's when
everyone started giving uh a lot of
hoots and hollers about generative AI
and people are obsessed with prompt
engineering. And the idea behind prompt
engineering is how can we craft our
prompts to the LLM to get the single
best output. So at this point people are
very much like caring about just uh you
know that very next turn with the LLM.
How do we get it to do or output what we
want?
And then uh that evolved in 2025 to the
idea of context engineering. So now we
don't care about just single outputs.
Now we care about entire sessions
especially for AI coding sessions.
Context engineering is the idea of uh
you know how can we curate the perfect
context nothing more than the coding
agent needs but exactly what it needs to
uh have all the context it needs to
plausibly do the task. So this was
popularized by a lot of people like Toby
the CEO of Shopify of course Andre
Karpathy because whenever he posts
something of course it goes viral. Uh
but context engineering it's a very
powerful evolution because it's treating
the context for our coding agents as an
engineered resource. So we evolve our AI
layer as I like to call it just like we
evolve our code base. So we version
control our rules and our commands and
our skills. And whenever there's a
problem that comes up with our um system
like there's a bug that our coding agent
produces instead of just fixing the bug
and moving on. The idea behind context
engineering is we look into our process
like what could we make better with our
commands or what could we make better
with our rules so that that issue
doesn't happen again or at least that's
the goal of evolving our context. So
it's a very powerful concept and I
created a lot of content last year
around context engineering. Now the
important thing is these different
evolutions it's not like they replace
each other. Context engineering does not
replace prompt engineering. In fact
prompt engineering is a part of context
engineering. So it's it's a evolution
where it builds on top of itself.
And so this year we have evolved to
harness engineering. And this is what
archon is all about. So harness
engineering can mean a lot of different
things, but in essence, a harness is a
layer on top of the coding agent. It's
the tooling and the process that you
build on top of the coding agent to make
it more reliable and basically taking
your whole you know process for building
software
and you know building the the layer on
top of the coding agent where you
enforce that process. So, a lot of
different strategies out there like BMAD
and GitHub spec kit and GSD, you could
consider them harnesses because you're
you're wrapping the coding agent in this
higher level layer of your strategy for
engineering. And we have a stripe
minions. Uh the Ralph loop is a harness.
Enthropic has open sourced quite a few
harnesses. I've covered some on my
channel. really every single big company
is converging on the idea of harnesses.
Instead of focusing on making the model
better or making the tool better, like
the coding agent better, it's it's all
about like how do we create the system
that wraps the coding agent, right? And
so there's a lot of studies that have
been done that have shown like even if
you are using the exact same model,
you're not improving the underlying
model or tool, you can go from a 6.7%
pull request acceptance rate to almost
70%. And the only thing is to harness.
So building in your strategies around
context curation and validation and your
approach for planning, right? Like we
we'll talk about all that today when we
cover building harnesses with Archon,
but it's a big deal. Like uh maybe you
guys heard of Stripe Minions. This went
like super viral last month because
Stripe they built their own internal
harness. It's kind of like a more
powerful version of the Ralph loop that
allows them to ship 1,300 AI only
generated pull requests every single
week. And like Claude code itself is
starting to build a lot of of harness
into the tool. So not just calling the
coding agent um you know calling the LLM
with the coding agent but how can we
like orchestrate many different cloud
code sessions together. So like claude
code has support for agent teams and
they're doing a ton with sub aents right
now. So when they had their source code
leak last month, um it it was shown that
like 60% of the code is still like
wrapping the the underlying model itself
like Sonnet and Opus and Haiku, but then
40% of their code is with these more
like harness features like agent teams.
And so all that to say, it's the
direction that all of these companies
are heading where they're building
harnesses. The coding tools themselves
are building this. All of the biggest
companies like Stripe and Shopify and
AWS, they're all building their own
internal harnesses. But the problem with
all these harnesses is they're not open-
source and they're not custom to you.
What if you want to take your software
development life cycle, your process for
working with AI coding assistants and
what if you want to package it up into
your own harness? Well, that is the
value proposition of Archon. Archon is
the harness builder. So, for the first
time ever, we have an open- source
platform that makes it easy for you to
build your own harness. Up until this
point, you either had to build something
internally like Stripe did, but
obviously that's a massive amount of
effort, or you just had to use a harness
that's already out there like the Ralph
Loop or BMAD or whatever it is. And
like, yeah, those tools are very
powerful, but they're not custom to you.
And you you guys know if you've been
following my content that uh I'm always
a big proponent of like build it
yourself. Take inspiration from what's
already out there. And I'll even show
you what it looks like to build
something like a BMAD or GSD harness in
Archon because we can take inspiration
from the beautiful minds that are out
there but still make something that
works how we want to work. And that's
the unlock that I have for you guys here
with Archon.
And um the other thing that I want to
cover here is um you know everyone
already has their own skills and
commands and rules. So I'm not I'm not
expecting you to like start from zero. I
know that you already have a process
that you built around your AI coding
assistant. Like you have skills for
validation. You have commands for
planning and maybe you have your PRD
template whatever that might be. And so
it's not like Archon replaces what you
already do. It's that Archon allows you
to package everything together into a
workflow that combines your skills and
commands, right? Like the whole idea is
before you have a harness, you have your
commands and skills and you have to
remember the order that you use them.
You have to work between different AI
coding sessions because you definitely
don't want to do your planning in the
same session where you do your
implementation because your coding agent
builds up a lot of bias. But if you
don't have a harness to connect those
steps together, you have to be the one
to orchestrate that. I call it
shephering, right? Like you you go
through some kind of PRD process with
your coding agent. You create a PRD and
then you're like, "Okay, good. Let me go
over to a new Cloud Code session or a
new codec session or whatever and let me
go and create a plan for the first
phase." And then you get your plan and
then you go and you create a new session
and you go into implementation and then
you have a new session where you do a
review on the pull request or on the
code whatever it is. And so you're still
even though you have your commands and
skills and things to automate different
parts of your workflow, you still have
to walk the different coding agent
sessions through each one. And Archon is
kind of like the next evolution of that.
It allows you to run longer tasks but
still keep yourself in the loop. And so
I have an example here of just what an
archon workflow can look like. And and
by the way, if you if you did watch the
video on Wednesday, I am repeating
myself a little bit here. So I covered
this diagram in the video, but uh just
consider this a refresher if you watched
it. And I just want to make sure that
for those of you tuning into this live
stream who didn't watch the video, I can
like give you a really solid overview of
what Archon is. Um, so yeah, here's just
one example of the kind of workflow you
can build with Archon. And uh, you'll
have to excuse the the images are like
not rendering right now for some reason
for some of the icons, but my point can
still be made here. Uh, but yeah, so
anyway, with Archon, you obviously have
some kind of trigger for your workflow.
So, traditionally without a harness, it
would just be like sending a prompt into
claude code, right? Like that is your
trigger. But with Archon, there's a
quite a few different ways that we can
use it, and I'll I'll show you guys that
today. We have the CLI so we can have
our cloud code or codeex whatever um
instance like trigger an archon workflow
so we can dispatch work to delegate
behind the scenes so we can do a lot of
work in parallel. I also have a whole
web interface and uh I'll definitely
show that off today as well. Uh that's
the wrong link. This is it. So we have
the whole web interface where we can
manage our workflows
and we can uh kick off workflows
uh from the web UI directly. And uh so
there's basically like a a coding agent
sitting behind the web interface. So we
can ask it to do work on our different
repositories that we have registered
with archon and it'll automatically
route the request. it'll pick the right
workflow and it will dispatch it and we
can do a ton of workflows in parallel if
you want as well. So I'll I'll show you
all of that today. But we have the web
UI and then we even have different
adapters so that you can for example
talk to Archon directly in Slack. So you
can say like hey there's a GitHub issue
for um this repo go and you know handle
that issue. I want to see a pull request
in the end with a fix for that issue.
And you can do that through Slack. And
we have different conversations that you
can manage through different threads in
Slack. So for every single platform, we
support parallel execution. Archon
handles work trees and isolation under
the hood. So you don't even have to
worry about it. That's one of the other
big unlocks with Archon is how it
supports working on things in parallel.
And so I can go into my clawed code and
I can have it use the CLI to fix eight
GitHub issues at the exact same time.
and they all run in different work trees
so they don't step on each other's toes.
They don't override each other's changes
and we don't have to deal with merge
conflicts just to get the pull requests
created. It's really powerful. And so we
start with our trigger and then um again
this is just an example of a workflow we
can create. So we could go like into
planning mode. So maybe there's a new
feature that we want to build. We want
to start by going through the planning
process with our coding agent. And so we
have a step in our archon workflow where
we are prompting our coding agent like
here is the feature we want to build.
Now help me plan like do research, do
codebase analysis, whatever that is. And
when in archon we can add in human in
the loop. And so we can have essentially
a loop here where we give feedback to
have the coding agent revise the plan
until we approve it and then it moves
into the coding stage. And we do this in
a brand new coding agent session because
your planning session can get pretty
bogged down and you can build up a lot
of bias over time. And so you want to
produce an artifact that you send into
the next node for implementation.
If you're in the Dynamis community, this
is the piv loop. You know what I'm
talking about. I've covered it on my
channel as well. The plan, implement,
validate. And we used to have to do that
between different coding agent sessions,
but now we can package this all up as a
single archon workflow. And then after
the code is done, then we go into the
testing step. And this is another one of
the very big value propositions of
archon. Our workflows do not have to be
just prompts to a coding agent.
Sometimes there are steps that we want
to run deterministically. We want to
take the control away from the coding
agent to make sure that our process is
followed to a T. If you've used any
coding agent for a good amount of time,
you know that like sometimes you'll tell
the coding agent run the tests after you
write the code and it won't listen to
that. It's so frustrating. Or it'll do
some of the testing like unit testing
and linting, but it won't do the
endto-end testing. It's so frustrating.
And so what we can do in Archon is we
can have certain steps of the workflow
where we're just running code like we're
doing some kind of context pulling or
we're running our tests like we're doing
right here. We're guaranteeing that that
happens after the implementation and
then if there's any failures, we'll
prompt the coding agent to fix those
things. So we have like a little bit of
a feedback loop as well built directly
into Archon.
And then after everything passes and the
coding agent figures that it's done,
then we have the human approval. And so
even though we are building longer
running tasks with archon workflows,
we're not taking ourselves out of the
loop. We can inject oursel wherever we
want in an archon workflow. So no matter
how you typically work with your coding
agents, if you don't trust it that much
and you want to validate it every step
of the way, you can do that if you want.
We have support built in to the web UI,
the CLI, every single adapter for human
in the loop. And that's one of the most
important things because a lot of times
when you have these harnesses,
especially like the Ralph loop, for
example, the Ralph loop went viral a
couple of months ago, but to me it felt
like vibe coding, right? Because you
were giving it a and it basically an
entire PRD, like many different phases
of work, and you would just have a
coding agent rip through everything. And
the problem with that is if the coding
agent makes a mistake in the first
iteration of the Ralph loop, that issue
can kind of propagate and like blow up
from the rest of the loop because the
coding agent is going to through each
loop build on top of a code base that's
already wrong, right? Like not aligned
with what you actually want to create.
And so the issues just compound on
themselves. And so the idea that I
wanted to be uh very confident in for
Archon is that it's not just enabling
vibe coding that we actually have like
deterministic steps that enforce our
process. We have human in the loop,
right? And then we have the pull request
at the end and then we can review that
ourself before we merge as well. And so
yeah, that's that's sort of I I like to
call it the hybrid secret for Archon.
And um this this sometimes rubs people
the wrong way, but I actually think it's
smart to take as many decisions from
away from the coding agent as you
possibly can because they're
non-deterministic. They don't make the
same decisions every time even if you
give it the same prompt. And so there's
a lot of inherent risk with that. The
biggest reason why a lot of developers
and companies are hesitant to adopt
coding agents is because they're
unreliable by nature. And so Archon is
the harness builder that allows you to
take the process that you consider
reliable and build it into the way you
work with coding agents. And so we have
different nodes like if you have your
testing strategy, if you have your
strategy for like pulling information
from Confluence, like whatever steps you
have that like you want to have
performed every single time, you build
those nodes into Archon. And then the
rest of the workflow is still going to
be like you adding in your commands and
skills and sub agents. Like everything
that you already have, you can build in.
So you're not losing anything either.
That's another thing that I want to be
very clear on here is that you don't
have to replace how you already work.
Archon just allows you to package it up,
right? Like that's the goal of a harness
builder. So I'm I'm so excited for this
and I'll I'll actually like install it
from scratch with you guys today as
well. So, uh, right here I got the link
to Archon. I'm going to go ahead and
drop this in the chat.
So, if you guys want to,
um, try it out right now, even like
install it along with me, I would highly
encourage you to. It's very easy to
install Archon because we can ask our
coding agent to set it up and I have an
archon skill that it loads automatically
and it'll walk you through the entire
process even installing the dependencies
for you. So I'll show you that live in a
sec. But yeah, it's so easy to get it
installed.
Um yeah, so one other thing I want to
show really quick. So this is the readme
for the new version of Archon. I want to
show what a workflow actually looks
like. So, this might look a little bit
intimidating, but uh don't worry, you
can use your coding agent to help you
build workflows as well. I'll also show
you that. Um, so this whole like YAML
structure, it's it's quite beautifully
simple, honestly.
And uh but like even even so, like when
you're trying to package up your entire
workflow, it can start to look a little
intimidating. So it's really nice to use
a coding agent to help you define these
workflows. But just an example here. So
within the diagram here, I showed the
whole like piv loop workflow. And that
that workflow can be summed up with this
right here. So this is a a kind of a bit
of a simplification just so it fits
nicely in the readme, but it gives a
good idea here. So you start with the
node for your planning and then you go
into implementation and you can see that
we have we support loops in archon as
well. So, uh, maybe I can even go into
the UI. Let's see if I have it run with
the loop. I want to give like a demo of
like what it actually looks like. Yeah,
here we go. So, like we have we support
loops in Archon. So, by the way, this is
what the logs look like. When you invoke
a workflow and you view the logs in the
web UI, you can see like all the tool
calls that your coding agent is making
behind the scenes. You can see like the
the node flow and like where it's
currently running. So like we have a
loop right here that has like a certain
number of iterations. And if I go to
like a more fancy one like a GitHub
issue fix, we can see like you can get
pretty comprehensive with the workflows
that you define. This is one of the the
breadand butter workflows in archon uh
the fix GitHub issue. So you can throw
this on any GitHub issue in any
repository and it works through this
entire process of uh you know
classifying the issue. Is this a a new
feature we have to plan or is it a bug
we have to investigate? And then it'll
do some research. It'll fix the issues
after investigating and then it will
validate and then create a pull request
and review it after. So it's like super
comprehensive workflow and and yes
having this many steps does take a good
amount of tokens. But another really
powerful thing you can do in archon is
specify the model the at the individual
node level. So when you're classifying
or investigating maybe you only need to
use haik coup and so it might only be
the case that like a single node like
the fixed issue this is the only one
where we'd want to use opus or we'd want
to use high reasoning GPT codeex for
example and so you can make things very
token efficient by determining at each
at each individual level what model do
we want to use and the other really
powerful thing about harnesses like I
showed in this diagram here is you get
insane results building a harness on top
of a model. So the harness elevates the
model. I've had better results using
archon with sonnet than I have using
opus by itself in cloud code. And so uh
another really cool thing is like you
know this um archon kind of comes with
good timing here because anthropic has
made their rate limits a lot worse for
clawed code recently. It's really
unfortunate, but it's forced me to like
start using Sonnet more for my coding
because I hit my rate limits so
incredibly fast. But with Archon, I feel
like I'm not really losing the code
quality, like the output quality because
the workflows, they package up such a
comprehensive process and like using
this whole thing with Sonnet is still
cheaper than like asking Cloud Code to
fix an issue by itself with Opus because
Opus is just so much more expensive. So
anyway, I got off track a little bit
showing you guys the web UI here, but
yeah, so we have the loop like we can,
you know, implement a plan task by task
in a loop and then we run the
validation. And the important thing is
this is no AI. It is deterministic. So
we're guaranteed that our validation
runs. That's powerful. And then we run
the reviews afterwards. And then we have
some kind of approval process with a
human in the loop before we create our
final pull request.
And because we have archon as a CLI and
a skill, when you have it loaded into
your cloud code or your codeex, all you
have to do is tell it to use archon. And
that like literally that's all your
request has to be and it'll
automatically dispatch like create an
archon workflow. So it'll run like let's
say for example this idea to PR
workflow. It'll create the work tree
under the hood so you can keep working
on your codebase in parallel and then it
goes through the different stages and
you can have your coding agent monitor
the workflow and or monitor it in the
web UI like I showed right here. So like
obviously this is a completed run right
now. But uh if this was in the middle of
executing you could like see the logs
come in in real time and see like you
know like what stage of the workflow the
coding agent is currently on.
And as far as as which coding agents we
support right now, we have support for
cloud code and then codeex is almost
done. And then also we are working on uh
or we want to add in support for other
coding agents as well. So like right now
it's claude and codeex but uh we have a
priority item right now to add support
for pi as well. So pi also has an SDK.
Uh we're also interested in AMP and open
code. I mean really like archon,
remember archon is the layer above the
coding agent because it's the harness
builder, right? So we don't really care
about what coding agent you're using
under the hood. We just have to build a
little bit of support for like calling
the SDK for the coding agent. So like
Codeex has the SDK, Claude has the agent
SDK. That's what Archon uses under the
hood. So when you use Claude with
Archon, it is running Claude code. It's
just running it programmatically through
the SDK.
And um so you can you are allowed to use
your anthropic and codec subscriptions
with Archon. You don't have to pay for
API credits. Um and and that's that's a
very important thing because a lot of
people right now are getting their
anthropic subscriptions banned when they
use it with Open Claw and Open Code. But
the problem with those they're third
party harnesses. They're kind of doing a
workaround to use the subscription. And
that's against the Anthropic terms of
service, but Anthropic has made it very
clear. A couple of their team members
like posted on X saying that like you
are allowed to use your Anthropic
subscription with the Claude agent SDK
as long as it is for personal use. And
Archon is for personal use, right? Like
you're running it on your computer.
You're hosting it yourself and there
aren't other people using your subscript
subscription through a production
deployed agent. So it's a different
story. If other people are using your
subscription through a cloud agent SDK
agent you have like deployed to some
production platform then that's against
the terms of service. But if it's a an
application you're running yourself and
is using the claw agent SDK then you are
allowed. So I've been using my
subscription with Archon for you know
months and months now. And the same
thing with my second brain as well. And
so they've made that very very clear. I
don't have the exact tweet up right now,
so I can't show you the exact thing, but
uh Boris Churnney, he's the creator of
Claude Code. He um he clarified like he
made it super clear like yes, you can
use your subscription for personal use
with the agent SDK. So, we're good. And
I get that I get asked that question all
the time as I'm doing my second brain
content on YouTube and I've you know
started showcasing Archon and it is a
fair question because um yeah like
people are really nervous about getting
their subscription banned but you are
good with Archon and yeah I see some
things in the chat here. People are
excited for the Pi support. Uh yeah I'm
excited for that as well because then it
you will have like support for pretty
much running any model that you want
with Archon.
All right, cool.
Um, all right. So, yeah, I'm going to go
ahead and uh answer some questions in
the chat here, and then we'll get right
into installing Archon. So, I have an
instance already spun up uh in the
cloud. I I installed Archon from scratch
on my computer for the video on
Wednesday. I don't really want to like
reinstall it on my computer because I
already have some things going with it.
So, I'm going to reinstall it on a Linux
VPS that I created just in Digital
Ocean. Uh, but the installation process
is going to be the same pretty much no
matter your operating system. So,
whether you're installing it on a VPS or
on your Linux, Mac or Windows system,
it's pretty much going to be the same.
And the readme has good instructions for
that. And I'll I'll walk you through it
right now as well. But yeah, before we
do that, I'm going to uh switch here to
my full frame. Uh, let's let's chat a
little bit. So, I'll I'll pop up some
questions in the chat here and uh spend
some time for a Q&A.
All right. Uh Jared said, "He said the
magic words, customize BMAD for
inspiration in a custom workflow."
That's exactly right. Um so it works the
way you need it, just the way I need it.
This is fire. What I've been looking
for. Yeah, I appreciate it a lot. Um,
and that exactly like that's that's the
thing is you can just like fork BMAD and
you can just run it and change it
yourself, but that's a lot more involved
than creating an Archon workflow. I'll
show you in a little bit what it looks
like to customize um a workflow taking
inspiration from something like BMAD.
I'm going to use GSD as an example
because it's a bit simpler and easier to
do, but you could do the same thing with
BMAD.
Um, all right.
So basically, we could call archons
stripe minions but open source. Exactly.
Yep. And I'd even go further to say that
like stripe minions is just a single
harness. Archon can allow you to build
anything like Archon allows you to build
stripe minions but for your company or
yourself. Yeah.
Um, can a node be simply an execution
node? No AI model used? Yep. Yep. So we
have support for running uh bash, python
and typescript scripts. So anything like
any part of the workflow where you're
like I want this thing to happen exactly
like no AI model to mess it up then you
can run it as a node in archon. Yeah.
Uh where does this differ from n? You
know uh that's a really good question
actually. Here I'm going to switch uh
back to my scene here. I'm going to
share my screen because if we look at
the the builder here and u sorry I'm
going to the wrong tabs. We're actually
adding support soon for a visual
builder. So you can like connect the
nodes like this. And so it is going to
be kind of similar to N8N. In fact, in
the readme here, we say think N8N but
for software development. And so for
those of you who use N8N or have used it
in the past, this might actually click
really nicely for you is like N8N
doesn't really have direct connections
with cloud code and they don't have
things like workree isolation support,
right? Like you don't use N8N for AI
coding. You use it to build automations
for your business, whether it's like LLM
workflows or not. But u Archon is going
to allow you to build kind of like n
workflows, but specifically for AI
coding. So you're stringing together
these coding agent sessions and
deterministic steps like bash and python
scripts. And it's for coding processes.
Uh, and so like there's a lot of things
we have built in behind the scenes with
Archon for how it integrates with our
different coding agents and handles work
trees and things like that that N8N
doesn't have at all. So like there's no
way you could build this kind of thing
in N8N. You're you're not going to be
able to build a coding agent harness in
N8N or at least it'd be very difficult
and not really what the tool is meant
for. Um, so this is a very different use
case, but you can think of it like N8N
for AI coding. So yeah, I appreciate you
asking that.
All right.
Um, how can we know that the plan step
is complete? Do we have human an
approval gate for that? Uh, yes. So, you
can have the coding agent decide itself
that the plan is complete or you can
make it so that you have to approve. And
so, like going back to the diagram here,
this step right here is what you're
talking about like planning. And so what
it does is it'll output some artifact
and you can have I know that I only show
the human approval gate here, but you
could like add that as a node right here
as well. So like you get to look at the
artifact and it'll like give you a
summary of it or it'll give you like the
full file. So you can like go through
the markdown if you want and then you
can give feedback. So you can say like
hey you didn't do enough validation,
right? So or like you didn't add enough
u planning around validation. So like go
back edit the plan and then let me
review again. So you can add that for
any step in Archon or you can have it
just decide itself. Like if you want it
to be a little bit more hands-off, like
you want to do something like the Ralph
loop, which by the way, we have a Ralph
loop workflow built into Archon for you
to use out of the box. Um then you don't
have to have the human in the loop. Like
you can have it kind of like iterate by
itself and kind of critique itself and
then decide when it's ready to move on,
which obviously that's a bit more or a
lot more non-deterministic, but you can
do whatever you'd like. And um speaking
of that, actually like workflows in
Archon, we have a lot of Archon
workflows that come shipped with the
platform. So when you install Archon,
all of these workflows here are ready
for you to use immediately. So you can
build your own. If you want to create
your own harness, build your own
workflows, you can. But if you just want
to poke around with Archon initially, I
have all of these ready for you guys to
use. So we have like a human in the loop
interactive PRD to like walk you through
creating PRDs. Uh we have the whole like
plan to pull request. We have the Ralph
loop one if you want to do the Ralph
loop in Archon. It's actually like a
beautifully simple workflow. Most of it
is just prompting here, but it'll walk
you through like creating the PRD. It'll
validate it and then it'll go through
the whole Ralph loop and like manage the
state through uh like JSON and markdown
files just like the Ralph loop does, the
original Ralph loop. Uh what else do we
have? We have the uh GitHub issue fix.
This is the one that I use the most out
of all of the workflows in Archon
because I'll I'll throw this on the
issues that we have in Archon. Like I'll
I'll say like, "All right, Claude Code,
uh, we have a few people that have just
opened up issues for Archon. We got, you
know, like 10,82, 80, 76, 72. I want you
to spin up four GitHub issue fix archon
workflows in parallel and then monitor
them and let me know when they're done
and I can review the poll request." Or I
could even have it like run the validate
PR poll request after as well. Um, so
yeah, like I said, I'm always using
Archon to build Archon.
All right, visualization is fantastic. I
appreciate it. I assume you're talking
about the the web UI here, but yeah,
there's a lot of work that we've been
putting into the visualization here.
Um, can I use this with open code? Uh,
yeah, so not yet, but we want to add
support for open code. So pretty much
Archon is going to be able to be
integrated with any coding agent that
supports an SDK. So like like I said
with Cloud, we have the agent SDK.
Codeex has their SDK, PI has one, Open
Code has one, and AMP has one. Uh Gemini
CLI does not. That's another one that I
wish I could add, but they don't have an
SDK. Um now you can just run the coding
agent in headless mode, but uh it's it
works better to use the coding agent
programmatically. So this entire
codebase is Typescript
almost entirely TypeScript because
that's the language most of the SDKs are
written in. So the cloud agent SDK has
both a Python and TypeScript version but
Codeex is only TypeScript. So that's why
I decided to go TypeScript for for this
codebase here. Um and in the end like
the actual language you pick doesn't
matter a ton because coding agents can
just rock everything, right? In fact,
Typescript is even a bit better for
coding agents than Python because um it
has the type safety built right in.
All right,
cool. Um All right. So, yeah, there are
so many good questions in the chat here.
It's going to be hard for me to get to
everything, but I'll answer a couple
more here and then I'll get on to the
demo where I'll I'll install it from
scratch with you guys and show you how I
use it on the day-to-day.
Um, why have you made this open source?
That's a good question. So, open source
has always been a really big part of my
ethos. So, as I created started creating
YouTube content um, in 2024, I I really
just had a passion for sharing my
knowledge and everything that I'm diving
into with the whole world. And open
source is my way to share it the most I
possibly can because otherwise if I
close source it I'm going to tell you
guys about it but then you won't really
care because it's either going to be
some paid product that you have to shell
out a bunch for or it's meant for
enterprises or whatever and then like no
one is going to care about it. So, open
source is my way to get the most eyes on
it, which it also is helpful for me
because then I get the most feedback for
it. And um obviously like for my
channel, it helps because then everyone
has a reason to care about it. If it's
not something that's open source, I can
share what I'm building, but then maybe
if you want to like follow along with my
journey, that's interesting. But
otherwise, it's like nothing you can
really try yourself. So, I feel like it
just you can be kind of like a brick
wall you hit. if I make a YouTube video
on Archon, it's like look at this cool
thing I built and then you can't even
try it. It's like what's the point? U so
definitely like with YouTube being my
primary like platform for sharing things
with the world like what I share has to
be open source in my opinion. So yeah,
it's a fair question though.
All right. Um yeah, so another person
asked about this in NN. So, I talked
about that already, but yeah, I
appreciate you guys asking about that.
Uh, will it include the GitHub CLI,
GitHub Copilot CLI in the future? So, if
they build an SDK, yes, but I don't
think they have an SDK.
Um, oh, wait a second. Do they actually
look at this? When was this released?
They Oh, okay. So there is a SDK. So
actually we could integrate GitHub
Copilot with Archon as well.
That's pretty cool. And yep, they
support TypeScript, which is what we
would need for Archon. So yeah, this is
yet another one. And okay, here's the
really cool thing. I I haven't really
talked about this yet too much. I mean
this gets more technical but um let me
let me tell you there is so much effort
that I put into architecting the initial
codebase for archon before I I ever
wrote a single line of code. So I have
like a sort of like generic interface
implementation for every single adapter
and every single coding agent. So when I
built the initial version of archon I
supported claude and I supported
telegram. So like Telegram was the way
to talk to it remotely and Claude was
the only coding agent but I built it in
a way where it wasn't like super coupled
with that specific tool like Telegram or
Claude. And so when I asked Archon to
build support for Slack as well as
Telegram or or GitHub we like support
you can like talk to Archon directly and
GitHub issues as well. It just
one-shotted it like I didn't even have
to iterate. it built it perfectly and
then when I asked it to build support
for codeex like following the pattern
that I did for claude it oneshotted that
as well and so if you wanted to create a
poll request adding support for GitHub
copilot you could you could literally
oneshot it because the documentation is
there the coding agent can reference
that if you have like claude code open
up in the archon repository or codeex
and um and then also like it can just
copy how we already have it set up for
an existing coding agent. So we have
Archon set up in a way where the
codebase is very easy to evolve because
everything is set up as like super easy
patterns to understand like the coding
agent can understand very easily like
here's how I add a new coding agent
here's how I add a new adapter uh
whatever we want to do to evolve the
system
um can workflows be told to obey token
rates and limits so I think that's
actually something we have an open issue
for cuz there's not a way to like set a
max budget for tokens, but it would be
pretty easy to add that like on a per
node level. It's like I want you to stop
if this is taking more than 100,000
tokens cuz this that definitely means
that like the coding agent is going off
the rails here or whatever. So, we don't
have support for that yet. But um I
think I mean I I don't really want to
like go on a hunt here and try to find
this exact one, but uh there are there
is definitely an issue that we have out
for for that. Let's see if I can find
it. So mo most of these issues that we
have right now are actually created by
uh Raasmus. So like I said, he's one of
the guys that's been helping me an
insane amount with Archon. So most of
these things are like just us kind of
listing out things that we want to uh
improve in in Archon.
Um, we had to port over. So, we were
working on kind of like a private repo
that was like just for the Dynamus
community at one point. So, we had to
port over a lot of the issues. I don't
know. We might have changed the names
for some of them, but that's definitely
something we have on our radar.
Um, yeah, not sure if we I can't find it
exactly right now, but yes, that's one
of the things is just like all of the
different parameters that we have in
like codecs and cloud code. We want to
make sure that we can support those. So
you can build it directly into the
configuration for each node of an archon
workflow.
All right. Yeah. And so yeah, one thing
I I uh want to mention really quick is
like when we were first working on
Archon, we were doing it like as an
internal project in the Dynamis
community. So we called it the actually
I still need I still need to archive
this repository here, but we have the
remote coding agent. It's funny because
Archon, the new version of Archon
started as a a resource that I built for
the Dynamus Agentic coding course
because it originally wasn't a harness
builder. It was just a platform that
allowed you to talk to cloud code or
codecs uh in a remote environment like
Slack, GitHub or Telegram like I was
talking about earlier. So that's how it
started and then it evolved into this
beautiful thing where now you can like
build any AI coding workflow as an
archon harness. Uh but this this is like
the origin of archon. So it's cool for
everyone in the Dynamis community. You
guys got to like see it evolve to the
point where it is now and obviously you
got early access to it. Another thing is
um within the Dynamus community, I am
going to be doing a lot more workshops
the next couple of months, like getting
like really deep into using Archon, like
building custom workflows. I'll show you
guys more like how to build your own
harnesses. Um it's it's always the place
to be if you want to like be a part of
Archon and get the the inside scoop on
how to use the tool the best and like
the evolutions that I'm doing to it. U
so yeah, I just want to call out really
quick for Dynamus. I'm going to put a
link in the chat here. Uh I actually
have a little live stream special for
you guys for Dynamis. So it's uh 10% off
the uh public price for the community.
This discount here is going to go away
uh by the time our live stream is done
here. So it's a special for literally
just this live stream. So, if you like
what I'm working on with Archon, if you
want to be a part of of this and um also
all the other course content that I have
in Dynamus, definitely check this out. I
put the link in the chat just now. So,
another big thing that I did in Dynamus
recently is I did a 4hour boot camp on
building your own AI second brain. So, I
took the entire second brain that I
built for myself that literally saves me
20 hours a week and I showed you how to
build it from scratch. So, I did a a
live workshop and I'm also turning this
into the third course for Dynamus as
well. We also have the AI agent mastery
and agentic coding courses and I
referenced the Agentic coding course
already because that was the origin of
the this new version of Archon. So,
yeah, lot a lot of value packed into
Dynamist. I do weekly workshops as well.
And so, that's where I'll be doing some
more stuff with Archon if you are
interested.
So, all right. Uh, with that here, I'm
going to go ahead and show you guys how
to install Archon from scratch. And, uh,
like I said, I'm going to be doing it on
a VPS
just because I don't want to wipe my
installation on my computer again. I I
already reinstalled Archon from scratch
um, four times this week as I was
testing things to get ready for the open
source release. And so I'm going to
install it on the VPS where I'm going to
build my dark factory. This is the
exciting like last part of the live
stream that I'll be covering with you
guys here. Um yeah, I'm I'm actually
pretty stoked for this. I don't know if
you guys know what a dark factory is. Um
it's kind of like a a term that was
coined in the last Well, actually it was
a a term that was coined in the late uh
1900s. Uh that sounds weird. Like 1990s,
I think. Like the idea of a dark factory
is um you have a factory without lights
because it's robots running the entire
thing and then recently people have been
talking about like dark factory as it
relates to code bases and basically a
dark factory is a code base that
self-evolves like AI is the only one
writing code ever on the codebase and so
an experiment that I want to run I'm
giving you a little bit of a teaser to
what I'll talk about at the end of the
workshop here an experiment I want to
run is a public dark factory factory
codebase where every single evolution of
the codebase like every pull request,
every release is managed by Archon
workflows because we can build our
process like we can define exactly how
we want to manage issues and pull
requests and releases. We can define it
as archon workflows. So, we basically
use Archon as a dark factory harness,
which sounds kind of it sounds silly,
but I'm actually like really excited to
try this as a um kind of like public
experiment here. Like I I literally
wanted to get to the point where like
anyone can create an issue and then I'll
have Archon like figure out is this an
issue that we should address for this
codebase and then it'll handle it
automatically all the way to like pull
requests and reviewing and merging into
the main branch. So, we'll talk about
that, but obviously we got to get Archon
uh spun up for the first time here. So,
I'll show you guys the installation.
I'll show you what it looks like to run
workflows with Archon, and then I want
to build a workflow with you guys, and
then we'll do some of the dark factory
fancy stuff at the end. All right, so
I'm going to go into the read me here.
So, I'll put a link to Archon in the
chat again.
If you guys want to follow along and
install with me on your machine or a
VPS, if we scroll down to the get
started, this is where we're going to
work right now. So, literally all you
have to have installed before you run
Archon is your coding agent and the
GitHub CLI. In fact, I list bun as a
prerequisite, but the setup process is
going to even install this automatically
if you don't have it yet.
So, I do list cla code as a prerec. You
can use codeex as well that's also
supported with archon. It's just not
quite as stable right now as cloud code.
So I'll definitely be updating the docs
as I address that or as we address that.
But then obviously the GitHub CLI is an
important uh dependency as well. You
don't need the GitHub CLI for every
Archon workflow, but um yeah, being able
to work with GitHub is a very core part
of Archon because most workflows are
relying on having the issue or pull
requests be like the starting point,
right? Like reviewing pull requests or
fixing GitHub issues. Most of the time
when I'm working with Archon, it's it's
dealing with artifacts in GitHub
essentially, right? So that's why I have
that as a prerequisite. So once you have
those things installed, um, we have the
binary. So we're working on making it so
there's like a single install script. So
you can do this if you want. I'm just
going to show you that my my approach of
like cloning the repository and setting
up from there cuz that's what I'm more
comfortable with. This is like a newer
thing that we're working on to make it
like even easier to set up archon. So
I'm going to install it this way. So
I'll I'll copy this command to clone the
repository and I'll do that within my
VPS here.
So there we go. Clone Archon and then
obviously change my directory into
Archon. And then check this out. So I'm
going to run in dangerously skip
permission mode just because I don't
want to have to deal with approving
things right now. Open up the folder. Uh
yes, I accept. There we go. All right.
Now watch this. All I have to do is say
setup archon. I don't have to say
anything else. It's going to walk me
through the entire process. So if you
have the prerex and then you clone the
repo, you just go into your clott codeex
and you say set up archon and that's it.
So first it's going to see like what we
already have set up. It's going to
realize that we haven't set up anything.
And then what it should do is it should
load the archon skill. So we have this
skill that like walks it through how to
help us with claude or with the the
whole setup of archon with claude.
All right,
I guess I have to wait for it to to work
here.
And by the way, if we see it um I just
did like control O to see the output
here. It's just like understanding the
codebase. I'm actually surprised I
didn't load the archon skill.
Um you're in the Let's see. What is it
saying here? No. All right, hold on.
Load the archon skill and walk through
the setup. I've actually never had to do
this before, but it uh for some reason
didn't load the archon skill. So, I'm
just going to tell it to do that, but
we're still going to get the same effect
here. It'll be super easy to go through
everything.
All right,
there we go. So, now it's reading the
setup guide. So, this is like a part of
the skill that uh tells it how to walk
us through everything.
So, it's going to check all the
prerequisites like making sure we have
git and bun, things like that, which we
already do on this machine.
Um, there we go. So now the first
question that it'll ask you in the setup
is where like what's the repository that
you want to use to work on with archon,
right? So like when we use archon, we
want it to invoke workflows on another
repository because we're going to use it
to work on something else. So that's why
it says this should be your own project,
not the archon repo.
And so I can either clone a repository
from GitHub or I can just give it a
local path if I want it to work on a a
project that I already have installed on
my machine. So number two is actually
probably what you would end up doing
because usually there's already
something you're in the middle of
working on that you want to use archon
to like build a harness around, right?
Um now since I'm on a VPS, I am just
going to clone something from GitHub
here. So, I will select that. And then
it just says like, "Please provide the
repo URL." Um, I need to actually find
one here. I'll I'll just do Let me open
this up. I'll pull some like random
um let's see. Let's just do this one.
I'll just copy this rep. I just need
kind of like a random one here to
register. So, what this is going to do
is it's going to register your first
repository with Archon. So whenever you
um run the Archon CLI on a repo for the
first time, it will register. So like
Archon has a database under the hood or
behind the scenes that like keeps track
of the projects that you're using Archon
with and like all the conversations
you've had where you've invoked Archon
workflows on those code bases. So you do
the automatic registration that way. And
then also in the web UI like I showed
earlier, you can register projects this
way too. So you just click the plus icon
here and then you can give it the GitHub
URL or the local path. So also in the
web UI you can register your repos. And
the cool thing is for all the projects
that you have registered in the web UI
the agent automatically understands. So
if I say like what projects and
workflows do I have the archon agent
that runs in the web UI either using
cloud code or codeex it it has the
context injected for all of the archon
workflows it can invoke and the
different projects that it can invoke it
in. And so when we say like, hey, I want
to fix this GitHub issue for this
project, it will know like, okay, let me
use the fix GitHub issue workflow and
I'll route it to the rag YouTube chat
repository.
And the the web UI is one of the things
that we can spin up once we go through
the setup here. So first it asks what
platforms do you want to set up? So the
CLI is always included by default. I can
also set up uh you know like Telegram.
you just do, you know, like um enter to
select or unselect. Uh for this, I'm
going to keep it really simple and just
do the CLI. Um yeah, but you you can set
up like all the adapters that we support
in Archon right here. So you specify the
ones that you want and then in a little
bit it'll go through a process where we
can give our API keys, but it's a
separate process because we don't want
to just send our API keys directly into
a coding agent or an an LLM. So I'll
submit these answers here. So I just
want to set up the CLI so I can run
workflows there. So the CLI and the web
UI obviously don't require you to have
any additional parameters or API keys.
So they'll just come they'll work right
out the gate. So then what it does here
is it creates archon as a global
command. So that way we can just run you
know like archon uh workflow run
whatever. So we can use the CLI to
invoke workflows. But trust me you're
never going to do this yourself. You're
just going to have your coding agent run
archon workflow. So you don't really
have to understand the CLI yourself.
That's the beauty of having an archon
skill is your coding agent can load the
skill and then it knows how to invoke
the archon CLI to kick off workflows for
you.
All right. And so now what happens is it
helps you configure your credentials,
but it runs this in a separate terminal
because we don't want our coding agent
to see our API keys. That would be a
huge security risk. And so it uh it will
automatically spin up a new terminal for
you to go through the setup, but
depending on your operating system, it
might not there might not be support to
like automatically start a new terminal.
And so uh you might need to just use do
this yourself. And so for me, because
I'm running in a VPS, there's no like
automatic terminal spin up. So I just
have to connect into the machine again.
So
let me do that. So, I gotta uh remember
the path to my SSH key.
Uh, there we go.
Goodness, I can't type today. Gosh. All
right. And then, um, I forgot the IP of
my machine. Shoot. What is the IP
address of my machine here? I'm going to
pull this up on another monitor here.
Um,
all right. Pull this up.
There we go. Okay.
All right. So, SSH in and then I will go
to uh the path here. Dark Factory
Archon.
Wait, that's not it.
Dark Factory. Uh oh, yeah, capital A.
Okay. All right. So then all you have to
do in a separate terminal is run the
archon setup command and it it walks you
through this here. If it doesn't spin up
the terminal automatically, you just do
that yourself. And now we just go
through the setup process. So I'll zoom
in on this here. So first, what database
do you want to use? SQLite is the
easiest to set up. And so I recommend
that you can use Postgress though if you
want to have an external database you
connect to. Uh which shoot I
accidentally entered that. So let me go
through the setup again. So, SQLite and
then here's where it asks what coding
agent you want to use. And so, these are
the two we support right now. Like I
talked about, we want to add more as
well. So, space to select and then enter
to confirm. And then it asks, how do you
want to authenticate with claude? And
so, there's three options here. We can
give an ooth token like if you want to
just run, you know, the claude like
setup- token command and get an ooth
token. You can give your API key, which
I wouldn't recommend because it's going
to get expensive. And then like I said,
we are allowed to use our enthropic
subscription with claude code with the
claian SDK and archon. So I'm just going
to use my global off. So on this
instance, I've already authenticated
with claude. If you use cloud code a lot
and you're installing archon on your
machine, then the authentication is
already set, right? Like you don't even
have to set up any other environment
variable. And then it asks what
platforms do I want to connect? As in
what ones do I want to enter in an API
key for? I'm not actually going to I
mean I guess I'll just do GitHub right
now just so I can show you one of these.
So you do um space to select and then
enter to confirm. And then what it'll do
is for each of the platforms that you
select that you want to install Archon
with. This is very similar to the um
Open Claw setup. If you guys have
installed OpenClaw before is for each
one of the platforms it'll like give you
instructions like here's how you get
your your GitHub personal access token.
And so I'm going to u off camera
obviously go ahead and uh get that and
copy it. So let me go to
there we go.
So I'll paste it in because it
automatically hides it
which is good. I would want to show that
on the live stream but yeah it gives you
instructions for how to do that. It'll
be the same for every single one of your
platforms that you configure. And then
another thing obviously for the sake of
security is we for each of of the
platforms that we set up like GitHub and
Slack and Telegram we want to have a
commaepparated list of users that are
allowed to invoke archon because if I
have archon running on a public
repository I don't necessarily want
anyone to be able to just say like you
know at archon fix this issue because
then it's spending my tokens and it's
not me invoking it. So I'll just say
like this is the only user that's
allowed to use it. And then you can
change the mention name. So like in
GitHub you do at@ archon and then you
give it the request like that's how you
talk to it. So I'm good with with that
as the default. Um so I don't need to
set up anything separate.
And then the other thing is that also
for that repository that we've we
registered. So this repo that I found
just as like a a random one. Where was
it? Yeah, this one. So like I I gave it
this to register as the first
repository. Um we can also copy the
archon skill into that project. And the
the reason I want to do that is then I
can open up my coding agent directly in
that codebase and since the archon skill
is there, it knows how to use the archon
CLI. So that way I don't have to open my
coding agent in the archon repo in order
to work on another repository.
Because as long as the archon skill is
there, the archon CLI is a global CLI.
So we can invoke it from anywhere on our
machine. Like I can just open up my
terminal right here and just say like
archon, right? And then that
automatically works uh because it's a
globally registered command. But our
coding agent only knows how to use it
like use all the different commands and
options if we have the skill. So I just
want to copy it over into uh the
codebase. So all right. And then uh the
docs directory. We don't have to worry
about that right now. And there we go.
Our setup is complete. And so we go
through all of this and then we go back
here and we just say done. So like we
finished and uh now it's going to
validate all the credentials and make
sure that we're good to go. And then
it'll actually test the Archon CLI. So
it'll run a workflow for us to make sure
that everything is all configured
properly.
So we'll let that run here as well.
All right.
So there we go. Running a quick test
here. So we can see that it is using the
archon CLI. So thanks to the skill, it
knows how to. You never have to worry
about running it yourself. You just ask
the coding agent to do so. So it's
running the archon assist workflow and
it is doing it on our uh repo that we
registered, the first repo that we
registered. And so it's just, you know,
say hello, like a really basic test to
make sure that it worked. And there we
go. It's good. So, yep. I'll copy the
skill over. I guess it asks us here as
well. Maybe that's something to touch
up. Uh, but anyway, so every single time
that you
invoke a workflow from the CLI, it's
going to run as a background process.
So, Cloud Code or Codeex like it has
access to
um the full logs from the workflow. So,
it you can like ask it for a status if
it's a longer running workflow or you
can, you know, say like, "Hey, summarize
what happened in the workflow." like it
it's able to basically you know
communicate with the workflow that it
runs because all the logs are right
there in the background process. So
there we go our setup is complete. So it
tells us what is configured and then it
gives us next steps as well. So take a
look at this. We are immediately ready
to use archon in our codebase now and we
can register it with any other codebase
we want as well. So like I could just
say like you know I'll go into my speech
to text tool here and I'll say like use
the GitHub issue fix workflow to fix
issue number two on u XYZ repository
right like I can send off this request
and it will automatically if if I you
know give it obviously the path to the
repo here it'll use the archon CLI to
run the GitHub fix issue workflow on
this repo and then that also
automatically registers that repository
with archon so So it knows about it
going forward if the repository wasn't
registered already. And then the other
thing is wherever I have the archon
skill copied which if you want to copy
it yourself in the archon repo it's just
within.claude skills. So this and and
I'll put a link to this in the chat
right now as well. This skill which you
can just ask your coding agent to copy
it into your new like whatever repo you
want to start using archon with. But
this skill tells it how to use the CLI.
Like this is literally the only
requirement. So another thing is if you
want to use your second brain with
Archon, all you have to do is put this
skill into your second brain repo and
then it'll immediately be able to start
using Archon workflow. So you can
basically add Archon as the coding arm
for your second brain. So you can create
your own harnesses, your own workflows,
and then you can tell your second brain
to invoke it on whatever repo you you
want. As long as you give it the path,
and it loads the archon skill, then it
knows how to use the CLI.
And so for anything here, if it's like
confusing like, okay, what repo do I
open up or like how do I get the skill
or how do I register projects? Like you
literally just ask Archon and it knows
how to do everything because the skill
walks it through everything. So let me
actually show you this here. So in this
other terminal here, I'm going to um
clear and then so it says I can change
my directory into the claude memory
compiler
and then I can run claude to launch
claude here. So I'll do uh the
dangerously skip permissions again or I
guess I don't here. I'll just have to
type it out manually. So, claw
dangerously skip permissions.
And then, um, you can see that since I
copied over the skill to this repo
during the setup, I can just say load
the archon skill. Not that you have to
say this explicitly every time, but I'm
just demonstrating that like we have the
archon skill in this repo. So, now it's
going to know how to invoke any uh
workflow. And then within the repo here,
okay, we actually have a couple of
issues. Cool.
Uh, this 6pm thing is very edgy. I've
never actually seen this issue before,
by the way. This is a public repo.
Um,
that's okay. Massive token consumption.
Interesting. All right. Well, I'm trying
to find one that's actually like
um seed existing. Okay. Well, let's try
this one. This is kind of random, but
I'm just going to pick a random issue
like number one here. So, like watch
this. All I have to do is say, uh, I
want you to use Archon to fix issue
number one. That's it. It's so simple
because it knows the workflows it has
access to. It's going to pick the right
one, right? Like it's going to pick the
Archon fix GitHub issue. It knows how to
use the CLI. Boom. That is it. And we
have this full process running now. So
Archon fix GitHub issue is running in
the background. It's going to check on
the progress periodically. And um Oh,
hold on. The workflow failed because
you're not logged into the GitHub CLI.
Oh, that's a bummer. Okay, hold on. I
guess I have to do that. I thought I
already did the login here.
Um, let's see. Paste authentication
token. Hold on. I'm going to do this off
camera quick.
Um, I thought I already did that part of
the setup, so it's kind of weird that it
says, but I'm just going to try the
login here.
All right. So,
yeah. See, it says I'm already logged
into this account. I think Claude might
be tripping right now. Uh, let me try
resuming the conversation.
Let's see. Uh, I logged in. Also, it
says I already was. So, I am confused.
There might be something else I forgot
to or I messed up in my configuration on
this machine. Um, let's see.
But it's cool. like it can just rerun
the workflow, right? Like we can just
talk to Claude as we normally would and
so it can use archon as a tool just like
it would use sub agents or just like it
would use skills. Uh it says it exited
again. Um the error is actually from the
claude code off the not logged in is
coming from the claude code agent that
archon spawns.
Um
the check cla
Oh, I think I know what it is. I think
it's because of the
uh it's because of this specific repo. I
have the cloud folder, the
settings.json. If I just remove this,
I might just do the demo on my computer
instead of this VPS because I I think
it's just this specific codebase that I
have some like claw code hooks that are
running. It's a whole thing. Oh, wait.
Oh, wait. I know what's wrong. It's
because I have this already set up to
use Miniax M2.7 for the dark factory
stuff I was going to show you guys.
That's my bad. Ah, okay. I have to I
have to demo this on another machine
here. By the way, we were using Miniax
2.7 for everything.
Um because I was getting some stuff set
up ahead of time for the live stream
here. Sorry guys, I'm complicating
things more than I
um than I need to because I I'm I have
some other things prepared for you guys
here. So, okay, here's what I'm going to
do. I'm going to show you a
demonstration by doing it right from
Archon. So, um this will be better
anyway because then I can show you guys
the web UI. Uh which by the way, if you
want to start the Archon web UI, all you
have to do is go into the Archon
codebase and say start the backend and
front end of Archon. That's it. Um start
the back end and front end of Archon. I
guess my speech text got cut off, but
that's all you have to do. So I hope
that like the pattern is clear here for
your setup for getting things up and
running for running Archon. It just
comes down to like the Archon skill
guides it through everything all
workflow execution managing the
application super super easy. So within
my archon here, let's go ahead and uh
zoom in a bit. Let's say I just wanted
to handle an issue. So this is going to
be kind of meta because I'm using archon
to improve archon. Uh, but like I said,
you could do this on any codebase where
we have the Archon skill. Um, so I'm
going to find an issue. There's quite a
few issues that have been created in the
last couple of days because we're we
have a lot of eyes on Archon right now.
We're at 16.2,000 stars, which I'm
honored, by the way. Um,
okay. Uh, let's see. So, okay, this is a
good one. So, chat UI fails silently
when the Claude Oath refresh token is
expired. So, this is issue number 176.
So, watch this. I'm gonna go in this
just like I was trying to do in the VPS.
I just have things uh configured. We'll
talk about the Dark Factory stuff in a
bit because I want to use Miniax. Um
anyway, so I'll go in here and I'll say
uh use Archon to fix uh issue number
176.
There we go. All right. Now, now we'll
see it in action. So, uh again, it'll
load the archon skill. Well, I guess
first it'll view the GitHub issue and
then Yep. load the archon skill so it
knows how to invoke workflows and then
it'll kick off the workflow. So archon
fix GitHub issue and then uh we're doing
it in a branch. So it's going to do this
in a work tree. So we have isolation and
there we go. So now the workflow is
running in a background process. So
cloud code has support for this. I don't
know if codeex does as well because I
haven't used codeex in a while if I'm
going to be honest. But if you click
into the shell here, like if I if I
press the down arrow and then hit enter,
I can see the details and the logs of
the workflow as it's running. So we can
monitor it here. And then the cool thing
is because it runs as a background
process, I can continue. I can run more
archon workflows. I can keep just
talking to the agent here. I can also
say give me a status update. So it can
look into the logs for the background
process and then tell me what stage of
the workflow it's in. So if I want to
check in because this is a longer
running workflow, it can say like oh
it's currently investigating or it's in
the middle of classifying the issue. So
it it reads like I know it looks kind of
long here but this is the the logs that
are stored internally on my machine for
the background process and then it says
all right cool. So work tree is created
it extracted the issue number and it
classified the issue. So it's currently
running the web research step and if we
go to the web UI here I can actually see
that. So take a look at this. We have it
currently running. So I can see it in my
chat. If I go to the mission control
right here, I can also see all of my
running workflows at a high level. This
one is currently running. It has been
for a minute and a half. And if I view
the logs, take a look at this. I can see
what steps have completed, where I
currently am, and I can see the tool
calls as they come in, which a lot of
times for Archon workflows, you're just
going to fire and forget, right? Like
you just want to have it handle
something in the background, and then
you'll come back once there's a pull
request for you to review. So, it's not
like you're always going to be watching
your workflows in the web UI, but
especially as you're building your own
custom workflows. It can be really,
really useful when you're first
debugging things to dive into a workflow
log and like make sure that things are
actually happening as you intend them
to.
And so, we can see the logs. I know like
this one specifically the the web
searching it it's um a longer step but
like we can see all these tool calls
come in live as uh as it's working.
Um and then we can invoke a ton of
different workflows in parallel and we
can watch them all here. We can click
between the logs for them. Uh it's
pretty cool. So yeah and so we can
monitor it here or in the web UI.
And uh you know what? Just for the sake
of of getting kind of fancy here, I'm
going to uh I'm going to show you guys
how I how I actually use Archon every
single day because here's the thing.
I am not just working on one issue at a
time with Archon. Um the fix GitHub
issue workflow is my most often used,
but I'm using it in parallel a lot. So
take a look at this. I'm going to go
into my speechto text tool. I'm going to
say, okay, I also want to handle more
issues. So, let's see here. Uh, let's
tackle issue number 167.
Um,
let's see. Let's also do
um, 182
and 1,087.
All right. So, I'm going to send this
in. Uh, by the way, usually I'll do even
more than this at once, but I just want
to make sure that I don't hit my rate
limits for Claude right now because it
like I mean we're doing a lot of work in
parallel here. Not that Archon is token
inefficient. In fact, we've been doing a
lot of things to make it more token
efficient, but still like there is a a
bunch that I'm doing at the same time
right here. And watch this. Not only can
I say, you know, spin up the workflows
in parallel, but I can say I want you
to, you know, run these workflows in
parallel. I want you to wait until all
of them are done. So monitor the
workflows until we have pull requests
for every single one of them. Then once
we have pull requests for every single
one of them, then I also want you to run
the validate PR workflow on all these in
parallel. And then when it produces the
comments and the PRs, I want you to view
the poll requests, look at all of the
issues that we need to address. I want
you to address them and push the changes
to the branches for the pull request.
And I could even combine all this into a
single workflow if I wanted as well. But
just like look at how comprehensive this
is. We are going all the way from issue
to a final validated pull request and
we're doing it in parallel. So it's
spinning up all of these at the exact
same time as background processes. So
now if I go into the four shells that I
have open here in cloud code, we can see
that they're they're all currently
running. And then I can go hit enter to
view the logs for any one of them. And
um then of course I can see them all
running in the web UI as well. So let's
go back to the dashboard. And there we
go. We got all four of them running. So,
we have each of them running in the last
20 seconds here. And then this one
that's been going on for five minutes
now.
Pretty cool.
So, yeah, we're still doing the web
research on this one here.
But, yeah, that that's how I use Archon
on the day-to-day. Like, most of the
time when I'm working on a codebase, I'm
I'm going to be filing things as issues.
whether it's a bug that I'm going to be
working on or it's a new feature that I
want to add. Like both of those those
fit as GitHub issues. And it's also nice
because this is kind of like my personal
mission control for everything I want to
work on. And so that's why we see like
Raasmus opening up so many GitHub
issues. Like we're using this more than
you know other people are because this
is where we document all the things that
we want to work on. Like Raasmus is
opening up issue after issue for, you
know, bugs and feature requests. And so
that's also really nice because GitHub
is where we're going to keep track of
the versioning of Archon. Like as you
evolve your codebase and you want your
coding agent to remember things that
you've worked on in the past, you're
going to rely on git commits. I actually
love using the git log as longterm
memory for my coding agents. And so I'm
already keeping track of all my work in
in uh as like git commits and so I might
as well like track things in is in
issues as well for like the upcoming
work that I have. So you can of course
hook in like a MCP server or skill for
Archon to use another external platform
like Linear or Jira for your task
management. I personally just love using
GitHub as my task management. So that's
why the GitHub CLI is so crucial for me
for pretty much all of my Archon
workflows. Now, of course, there are
Archon workflows that don't have
anything to do with GitHub. So, like for
example, if I want to create a PRD, I
can say, you know, use Archon to walk me
through creating a PRD. And so, this is
going to uh, you know, hopefully load
the Archon skill here and then walk me
through the interactive PRD workflow.
So, I'm just showing off another
workflow really quickly. And this one's
actually pretty cool because it has
human in the loop. So, it asks you some
questions, it starts building the PRD,
and then it stops to ask you more
questions. So, maybe we'll see this in
action really quick here. And then I
also I do want to get into the other
um the other thing I wanted to show you
guys like building a workflow based on
GSD.
Okay. Um
pick your starting point. Let's see.
Okay. So, it actually tells me like
here's a few different workflows. Um I
want to use the interactive PRD
workflow.
So, let's have it kick that off for us
here.
Okay.
Interactive workflows.
Uh, got it. The interactive PRD workflow
is a guided conversation where AI asks
questions and rounds to build out a PRD.
Cool. So, um, I don't know. I want to
build support for PI agents in Archon. I
mean, I think it's kind of an
interesting example to let me make sure
it actually my speech text tool spells
that right. And I'll just say uh with
the SDK. Not that I'll build this right
now, but I'll I'll show you guys quickly
what it looks like to go through a
different workflow because like I get so
hyperfocused on using the fix GitHub
issue workflow. I want to show you guys
something a little bit different here.
Okay. So there we go. So now it kicks
off the archon investigate or sorry
interactive PRD. So the workflow is
running. It's going to explore the
codebase before it starts asking us some
questions here. And we can obviously go
and like view it in the logs along with
the other ones. So this workflow is
actually in a pause state now. So you
can see in the web UI we have support
for this where it'll show us like here
is where we have a human in loop step.
So while the all the other workflows are
running this one we're more interacting
with. So uh let me so it says it's
paused. Let me grab the output. So it's
going to read the logs and it's going to
ask us some questions here. Right. So we
the workflow is in a pause state for us
to give feedback. And this is very
similar to what I was showing in the uh
example in the diagram earlier where we
could have like human in the loop for a
planning step but we get to actually
review the plan and have the coding
agent iterate on this before we go to
the next step. So asking some foundation
questions. Uh let's see. So who has this
problem? Um everyone using archon. I
think it's kind of a weird question
actually. What problems are they facing?
Uh the problem they're facing right now
is there are a lot of people that don't
want to use claw or codec specifically.
They want to use different models. PI is
more of a general agent that makes it
really easy to uh to use other models.
Um let's see. Why can't they solve it
today? Uh well, we don't have support
for PI yet. And I want to build this now
because we're currently working on
making big improvements to Archon and Pi
is one of our priorities. We will know
when it's solved. success. Looks like we
can use pi, any model in pi with all of
our archon workflows.
So these questions um if you aren't
familiar, these are like really standard
questions for product managers to ask
when they're first creating a PRD. So we
have like a lot of like product manager
best practices built into this workflow.
Um, now the some of the questions were a
little awkward for me right now just for
the demonstration here, but they they
are like legitimately good questions to
ask when you're first creating a product
requirements document. So now you can
see that um using the archon skill,
archon knows like, okay, let's resume
the workflow with an approved state. So
we're approving and then it's giving our
feedback in. So it passed our answers
through. So now the workflow is it went
out of the pause state into the running
state. And we can of course view the
logs here to see what's going on.
So this is the first node that it ran
and then it asked us some questions. Now
we move on to the next one. So it's kind
of just like a process of like asking us
questions and going in a loop here.
All right. Um Oh, is it paused again?
Hold on. No, it's still running. Okay.
So we'll wait for it again.
Although I might actually not continue
with this demonstration because I think
you guys get the idea. It really just
does this in a loop where it has like a
set of questions that it uh goes through
for each one of the the prompts that we
have right here. So I think you guys get
the point. But there's an example of a
workflow where um it doesn't really have
anything to do with GitHub because not
all of them have to. That's what I
wanted to show. The final artifact
obviously of this workflow is going to
be a markdown document which is our PRD.
So then we would, you know, break that
up into tasks and and go through piv
loops as a separate archon workflow to
uh knock out all the phases that we have
in that PRD. And then if you really
wanted to get fancy, you could even if
you wanted to make it so that the whole
like pimploo process and PRD creation,
like everything is a single archon
workflow. Like I said, your entire
software development life cycle, you can
package that all up as an archon
workflow.
All right,
cool. So, yeah, I think with that, I
want to show you guys how to create a
workflow from scratch because it's
actually beautifully easy. So, I'm going
to open up another Archon session here.
And, you know, before I do that, I do
want to spend some more time with Q&A
with you guys. So, let me uh go back to
the full frame here, and I will open up
some more questions.
All right. So, give me a second to kind
of read through what we got here and
then I think uh yeah, so Raasmus is is
here in the live stream now answering
questions. Appreciate it a lot, Raasmus.
And then thank you Thomas as well.
Um let's see.
What is the simplest path to get this to
work with linear tasks instead of GitHub
issues?
Yeah, so my recommendation would be to
use either the linear MCP or create a
skill to use the linear API and then you
would build a custom workflow. So
instead of like fix GitHub issue, it
would be like fix linear issue or like
handle linear task. And you could even
have Archon reference the fix GitHub
issue workflow
and use that as a starting point where
you would just mold things to be all
linear instead of all GitHub. So it's
actually very easy to uh integrate any
platform that you want into Archon
because for every single node you can
inject skills or MCP servers.
Um, so for the case of GitHub, like
coding agents are so good at using the
GitHub CLI that I don't need a GitHub
CLI skill. You might need that for
linear though or like I said the MCP
server.
But seriously, all you have to do, and
I'll show you this in a second, is you
like, okay, watch this. Um, I don't
know. I don't think I'll actually run
this right now, but I Oh, here. Let me
go back to my scene so you guys can see
my screen. I forgot I wasn't sharing my
screen. So, I can say like, uh, load the
archon skill. I want to create a version
of the GitHub fix issue workflow, but
specifically for linear instead of
GitHub. Like that is all you have to do.
Now, obviously, you're going to probably
have to iterate quite a bit on the
prompting and like really making things
specific to you. Uh so this is this is
certainly an oversimplification, but
like this literally could be your
starting point. Like this is what you
you send in. Um and so yeah, after a
little bit of Q&A here, I'll show you
what it looks like to create a workflow.
Like man, the archon skill is so
beautiful because it just it knows
everything. It'll it'll walk you through
everything. And and another thing I love
doing with coding agents is I like
asking it to ask me questions. And so
maybe I would send in, let me go back to
my Aqua voice here.
So I paste this back in. Um and I could
say like, you know, ask me questions to
make sure you understand uh my linear
setup and exactly how I want the
workflow to function, right? So that way
you're you're kind of reducing the
assumptions that it makes up front.
Um, and so what it produces in the end
is going to be better aligned with what
you actually want before you go into
iterating. You'll probably still have to
iterate, but that's the idea here is
like we go through a bit of a planning
process with Archon before it um before
it creates the workflow for us.
All right,
cool. What else do we got here?
Um, with the session management within
the workflows, how is context
persistence handled? Is the data and
context passed through the nodes? Okay,
that is a really good question and we
have a few different ways to handle
context persistence here.
So, uh, I'm trying to think if I have a
good workflow to demonstrate this.
instead of poking around, I might just
more answer your question at a high
level. Um, but yeah, one of the core
things that we have in Archon is a
parameter for each node that specifies
if we want to continue the session from
the prior node or start fresh.
And so that that flexibility is pretty
powerful because maybe you want a
different node where you inject
different skills or you just want to
like have a new node for some reason
because you want to like switch models
or something but you want to still
continue the same conversation from the
previous node. You can do that or you
can say like I actually want to start
completely from scratch in this node.
And then another thing that we have in
archon is we have like outputs like we
can output artifacts and so like for in
this case we have the planning step and
it's going to output a plan to our
artifact directory for our current
workflow execution. So this is like one
of the primitives we have in workflows.
It's like the artifact dur. And then we
when we go in a brand new session in the
implement stage, we are going to prompt
it to read the plan from the artifact
directory. So if I look at the archon
fix issue command, let me open this up
here because we you you can prompt
inline. I've shown that in some of the
workflows, you can you can have the
prompt right in the YAML for the
workflow or if you want to and you want
it to like kind of be more organized,
you can have it reference a command in
the commands folder. So we'll go to
archon um fix issue. There's a lot of
commands here. So I have to find the
right one. There we go. So archon fix
issue. You'll see here that the argument
is the artifact path. So archon is smart
enough to know like once we are done
with the planning and we have our plan
here, we're going to prompt in a brand
new session for our coding agent to read
that plan, right? like go to the
artifact directory and read that plan
and then go through the implementation
here. So, it's a brand new session, but
then we're still passing some context or
like I said, you can just uh have the
context be like continue instead of
fresh.
So, it's up to you like flexibility
depending on how you typically work.
All right,
let's see what else we got here.
Let's see. Have you really given
anything other than Opus a real try at
Agenta coding tasks? I haven't. Uh, so I
I do mostly use Opus for my
implementation. However, I have tested a
lot of using Sonnet for my archon
workflows. So I I talked about this a
little bit at the start of the live
stream, but I get better results using
Sonnet to fix GitHub issues with this
workflow than just using Opus by itself
in Cloud Code because of all the the
context engineering that goes into you
know like this. I guess you could call
this like a GitHub issue harness like a
fixer harness. U so I have run this with
sonnet. So sonnet is actually the
default model for all the nodes here. Uh
now for the implementation itself I
think we have it set to yeah so we have
it set to using opus so like the default
workflow as it stands uses opus
specifically for implementation but
obviously if you just delete this it'll
use sonnet as the default or um you know
you can change the model manually or
whatever but so like at one point I had
it set to sonnet and I was using it
sonnet for everything sonnet or haiku
for everything here and I was still
getting really good results obviously
obviously the best model is always going
to give you the best results. Um, but
for the sake of like making sure you
don't hit your rate limits and stuff,
you can use Sonnet for these workflows.
And you can even like ask it to adjust
the model at the default level or the
specific node level before you run it if
you want to.
All right.
People like seeing you failing. Pretty
sure makes you a normal human. I assume
you you referenced that when I was
having all of the issues here in the
VPS. So, I appreciate that. Uh, we'll
talk about why I have those issues in a
second because I have a Claude code. Um,
I'm not actually authenticated with
Claude. I am authenticated with the
Miniax API. That's what was causing the
problems on the VPS because I'm getting
things set up for the dark factory.
All right. How many tokens does start
the app take? So, when I asked it to
just like spin up the front end and back
end of Archon, I mean, I don't know
exactly, but it's probably just going to
be a couple hundred, unless it's like
running into an issue for some reason.
It's not going to take that many tokens.
And uh, by the way, you can see here
that uh, it's already kicking off the
whole process here, helping me create
the linear version of the workflow. So,
asking me some questions here. I'll
answer those and then it'll create the
workflow and test it for me and
everything. Like I won't go through this
whole process here, but for the question
earlier on on migrating to linear, like
it's just so easy to have it walk
through cuz pretty much like here's the
thing. All of the default workflows we
have in Archon, there's two there's two
uses for them. One is you can just use
them directly out of the box if if there
is one that like matches how you already
work. But the other maybe even like more
important part of these default
workflows is it's a reference point for
your coding agent to build something
that's actually custom to you. And so
even if you're building something that's
like super different than everything we
have here, like some kind of like
refactoring workflow for example, um
actually we have that as well. So maybe
that's not the best example, but even if
you have some like super different
workflow that's like not even close to
anything we have here, you still want
your coding agent like loaded in the
archon repo to look at these as a
reference to understand like the
different parameters we have for nodes
and how we handle loops or whatever else
like deterministic nodes, whatever you
might want in your workflow. So very
easy to pretty much build any I'll I'll
show that in a second, but I just want
to answer a couple more questions here
because you guys have a lot of really
good ones.
All right,
let's see.
All right.
Yep. Pi next week. Yeah, not not a
promise that like we'll have it ready
ready next week, but I'm definitely
going to be working on me or Rasmus will
be working on the pull request for
adding in pi.
Um, could I make a node to use codec
spark in a workflow?
Um, I mean there's nothing stopping you.
You can make a node do literally
anything because it can be a prompt to a
coding agent or it can be a script. Even
if you wanted to use a coding agent
that's not supported by Archon directly,
you can just make a script that invokes
that like the Yeah, the world's your
oyster here.
All right.
Um, let's see. What about create a node
to mention other workflow, not only a
command? I I think what you're asking
about here is if we can nest workflows
like if we can have a workflow that
calls another workflow
and uh that is something that we are
planning on adding support for. Yep. So
I haven't added that yet like
subworkflow execution like you have in
N8N. I haven't added that yet because I
haven't found a a clear use for it for
me personally but uh you're not the
first one to ask about it and so like we
are definitely interested in adding
support for that.
show some love and hit the like. I
appreciate it a lot. Yeah, if you guys
want to like the stream, I of course
would appreciate that. Like the stream
and uh and subscribe because I'm gonna
be putting out a lot of content on
Archon because like yeah, I'm getting
pretty deep into the live stream here,
but certainly a lot more I can show
about like creating custom workflows and
things that I'll be doing with future
YouTube content and then of course in
the Dynamis community as well. Uh so
yeah, I just want to mention this again.
I am planning on doing a lot of of
workshops around archon um in Dynamus
coming up here in the next couple of
months, including using Archon with your
second brain and some strategies to show
like how I use my second brain to
delegate work across my code bases with
Archon. It's a bit of outside of the
scope for our live stream here, but
yeah, certainly the second brain is
another really big part of of what I've
been doing and what I'm covering in the
Dynamis community. So, if you don't
know, I I did a full 4hour course on
building your own AI second brain in
Dynamis. So, I took the entire system
that saves me like no exaggeration at
least 20 hours a week and I built it
like from the ground up in a live stream
so that you can follow along. And so, I
am turning it into the third course for
Dynamus. Um, and so you I'll put this
link in the chat again if if you're
interested in uh really like being on
the forefront of Archon and uh going
through these workshops and all the
courses and building your own second
brain. There's so much value packed into
the community, not to mention all of the
amazing minds in there sharing ideas
every single day. Um, come join us in
Dynamis. I' I'd love to have you there.
Uh, and I I appreciate it. Dynamus
community is great. Yeah. Thank you very
much for all of you guys who are in the
community uh here in the stream. always
appreciate you guys being a part of it.
Yeah, appreciate your passion and
sharing of knowledge. Yeah, you're very
welcome. It is my pleasure. Yeah, I mean
I'm I'm excited. Like we had the
question earlier of like why open source
archon? I mean to me like there's not an
alternative. I can't I can't imagine
building something like this and just
like hiding it from the world. Like I
just I want people to to see what is
possible with AI coding. Like in the
end, that's like my number one goal with
my I guess you could call it like my
career. Like my with my career in
business, like my number one goal is
just to uh show people like what is
possible with AI and also to just like
cut through a lot of the fluff. Like I
want to be real but inspirational at the
same time. You know what I mean? Like
there's a lot of people that are saying
like you can vibe code everything and
it's going to be perfect and you can
make millions of dollars. Like I'm not
one of those persons that's people
that's like here's how to vibe code to
make $10,000. Like no, I'm realistic.
Like you have to have human in the loop.
You can't just vibe code. Things take
time. Coding agents make mistakes. Like
I'm real on all of that. But then that's
also why I'm building these tools
specifically to add in deterministic
steps. Human in the loop. Like building
these harnesses because then that allows
you to circumvent a lot of these real
problems that a lot of people are
ignoring. And so, uh, actually going to
my YouTube channel here. It's funny
because like, wait, hold on. I think I
still have this in my YouTube channel.
Um, yeah. Yeah. So, I've had this like
oneliner for my YouTube channel. Um, for
like literally ever since I started my
channel in 2024, I've always had this
sentence um, join me as I push the
limits of what's possible with AI. And
I've always kept this sentence because
that is really what I'm trying to do
here. like in a realistic way. Like
don't you can't just vibe code a $10,000
a month site in a week. In a realistic
way, I am showing what it's like to push
limits of AI and and I really think that
like harness engineering is the
forefront of AI right now, which is why
I'm so excited about Archon.
So, yeah, there there's my little spiel
on on on my my vision and and why I want
to make sure that Archon is available to
everyone.
Cool.
All right, John said, "My brain is
online thanks to Cole and the community.
Couldn't have done it without the crew."
I appreciate a lot, John. Yeah, I
appreciate you being an active member of
the community.
Aron just joined the community. Thank
you very much. Welcome to Dynamus, my
friend. I'm going to be um so yeah, I'm
I'm in Dynamus like literally every
single day. So, I've been prepping for
the live stream today. Haven't gotten to
the posts in the last like 12 hours, but
uh yeah, I mean like I'm replying to
everything like every single day. So,
I'll be sure to to greet you if you want
to make an introduction post as well.
I'd love to see that.
All right.
Let's see.
Any plans to utilize local LLMs? So,
that is actually one of the reasons I
want to add in PI because PI will make
it easier to use local LLMs. And then
also within cloud code, you can
integrate it with um things like Olama
to use local models. So I I know that so
Miniax M2.7 I'm not using that's not
obviously running locally because it's a
massive model. Uh but this is a
demonstration of like I do actually have
Claude working with a different model.
Like check check this out. If I go back
into Claude and I say what model are you
like this isn't just a gimmick. It is
actually using Miniax M2.7 through the
MiniAX API. So you can change cloud code
to work with other providers like GLM,
MiniAX, Olama so that you can talk to
local models. So I'm adding in PI
because it'll make it easier and it's
more like natively supported. Uh hold
on, I got a sneeze coming.
Excuse me. Um but yeah, you can you can
connect cloud code like you can already
use archon with local models if you
wanted to try like there's been a couple
people in the Dynamis community that
have actually used Gemma 4 with Archon
workflows. like Gemma for kind of
driving the whole ship. So definitely
possible already. Pi will make it even
easier though.
Yeah.
Uh is there a way to override some
settings like the model without changing
the default YAML files? So I think there
is a parameter to change the default
model, but if it's overridden at the
individual node configuration, there's
not a way to change that right now. Uh,
but like you shouldn't be afraid to just
ask Archon to change the YAML for you,
even if it's just like a temporary thing
where it like revert it after it's done
with the workflow. Um, it can definitely
do that. Like I've actually been doing
that a lot recently with cloud code
skills where the skill will like change
its own scripts as before it runs them
and then just like revert it after I'm
done with that set of work for any kind
of like PowerPoint diagram or PDF
generation. I've been doing that. So I
wouldn't be afraid to but but still like
that maybe that is like a real suggest
like not maybe that is a good suggestion
to make it even easier. Um let me
actually ask it right here.
Uh so based on the archon skill what can
you tell me about support for changing
the model without having to change the
YAML itself? Like is there a flag for
the CLI to change the model that's used?
So, I'm I guess I'm kind of like
validating the answer that I gave you
quick here because I mean Archon's such
a massive codebase. It's hard for me to
remember like everything that we've
decided, especially because like I said,
Thomas and Raasmus have been helping me
a lot in Archon as well. So, I'm also
not the one that's built everything in
the platform.
Okay, let's see.
There's no model CLI flag.
Okay, so yeah, I guess I have to take
that back. We don't have a way to do it
right now. uh you would just have to
edit the YAML directly which again like
feel free to do that but also like that
that is a good suggestion even if you
wanted to make a GitHub issue for that
in the Archon repo I'd be down to to
address that because I'm just going to
have it uh okay so I will say that like
when I use Archon to work on your guys's
issues in Archon like don't worry I am
actually reviewing your issues and
reviewing the poll requests as well so I
am like legitimately considering the the
things that you guys bring
Um but yeah just like as the I delegate
the coding to the agent itself 100%.
We can see that this workflow actually
we are almost done here
with the GitHub issue fix and then if I
look at my clawed rate limits I'm
actually curious where we are at with
that.
Uh let's take a look.
Okay, it's actually not too bad.
Okay. So, here here's my claw rate
limits for right now.
This is this is not too bad. So, um
I've used 37% of my 5 hour limit in the
past
like three hour or four 3 hours and 45
minutes, right? And we're only at 37%.
before. So, there's a lot of stuff I was
doing to prep for the stream today, this
morning before I started. So, we were
already at like 15 to 20% before I
kicked off all these workflows. And
we've been doing quite a bit with Claude
recently. I mean, we have so many
workflows running right now and it it it
used less than 20% of my 5 hour limit
and we're almost done with all these
workflows. Like, they're pretty token
efficient.
You could you could run the fix GitHub
issue workflow like doz like at least a
couple of dozen of times um and and
until you hit your five hour limit and
like that's a lot of work that Claude is
doing. Uh now the really unfortunate
thing is my limit reset yesterday and
I'm already at 32% for the week. That is
a huge bummer. Like I'm probably going
to hit my weekly limit around Tuesday or
Wednesday. It's unfortunate. Uh, so
yeah, there there are always people that
tell me they have like, you know, two,
three, four claw subscriptions. I'm not
one of those people, but honestly, after
Anthropic u making things making the
rate limits more harsh recently, I might
have to get a second subscription. I
feel bad saying that cuz it's like
Anthropic is being kind of frustrating
recently and then I'm just giving them
more money when it's like, well, what
can you do? like I I don't really want
to switch over to codeex because I test
codecs from time to time and I I just I
think claude code is better.
But anyway, so yeah, it's yeah, these
workflows are pretty token efficient for
how much they're actually doing. Like
keep in mind, it's not just asking cloud
code to fix an issue. It's going through
deep investigation, deep research, deep
implementation, and deep code review
using the right model at the right time.
So it's not uh super tokenheavy.
All right.
Uh, working on something similar and
yeah, thank you for the $5 donation. I
appreciate it a lot. Uh, would love to
discuss with you about how we could
potentially partner if there's something
you are open to. Yeah. So, Archon is an
open source repo and for me that means
that partnerships would be like I'd love
to chat and see what your ideas are. Uh,
but I I wouldn't really want to like go
and work on a separate repo. But if
you're interested in like contributing
to Archon and partnering in that way, um
I am considering creating sort of like a
core maintainer team for Archon. I think
that would be the way to partner because
I wouldn't want to like turn this into a
separate venture. I like I said with
like my core vision and and mission for
Archon and my career as a whole is to be
open source and share with the world.
And so I I don't want this to like
create spin-offs that I'm dedicating
time to. instead of working on Archon as
the core open- source repository.
But I'm always open to uh
collaborations, maybe even I'm thinking
like I said making the maintainer team
always open to issues and poll requests.
And um yeah, sometimes open source can
get overwhelming. So also like I don't
always get to issues and pull requests
uh even within the same week because it
it gets a lot let me tell you guys from
all the open source work that I did. But
also, it's more and more realistic to
handle everything over time as I have
coding agents help me and a maintainer
team. And then like I said, like we kind
of already have a maintainer team with
me, Raasmus, and Thomas. Um, but uh also
like thinking of extending that to just
like the general, you know, you guys in
the YouTube community and in the Dynamus
community.
All right,
cool.
Is it open source available on GitHub?
Well, I assume that was a question to
someone else because yes, Archon is and
and Thomas knows that.
All right. Is it possible to add Gemini?
So, the Gemini CLI I don't think has an
SDK. Gemini CLI SDK.
So that's the thing is is for any coding
agent that we integrate with Archon, it
does need to have an SDK
because I I work with the coding agents
programmatically in Typescript instead
of using the headless mode for the CLI.
That's like another way that you can
automate the usage of um of coding
agents.
I've I've been checking on this a lot
though because this is another one of
the tools that I would obviously want to
integrate. A lot of people love using
Gemini, especially because Gemini 3
seems to be like the best model for
building frontends. Like people always
use anti-gravity with Gemini 3 to build
frontends and um so I I would love to
add support for but they don't have an
SDK.
Um however, you could always use the PI
SDK with Gemini. So we add support for
that then it would work.
Um, I guess I can't find an exact link,
but
um Oh, wait. What's this? This must not
be Hold on. Google Genai SDK. That's I
think that's for general agents, not
Yeah, that's not for AI coding. So,
that's not that's not an SDK for the
Gemini CLI, unfortunately.
All right.
uh to reach these limits, you have to
have the product first because you can't
code multiple things without having
verticals that do not conflict. That's
true. Yeah. Yeah. When you're first
getting started, it's like you can't
really do as much work in parallel. It's
more once you have the thing established
and you're just working through
different issues, like granular sets of
work for improvements or bug fixes, then
that's definitely when you're going to
start hitting the limits 100%.
All right.
Um let's see. I'm on the $200 max plan.
That is true. Would you hit limits much
faster on the lower plan? I think yes. I
mean, yeah. The answer 100% is yes, cuz
the um $20 plan doesn't take you very
far to be honest. And then the $100
plan, like you can you can do quite a
bit, but you still hit your rate limits
decently quickly. I believe that the
$200 month plan is four times better
rate limits than the $100 month plan.
And then the $200 is 20 times better
than the $20 plan. There's a quite a big
difference there.
All right.
Let's see. How is this different than uh
BMAD version six? So, okay, here's the
thing. BMAD is a harness. Archon is a
harness builder. So, BMAD is a an
opinionated approach to building
software. It's a good approach. I think
it's kind of overengineered to be
honest, but it's a it's a really
inspirational approach and you can
literally take ideas from BMAD and build
it into your own archon workflows and
then customize it more for yourself. So
the big thing that I want to be clear on
here is that uh Archon is not competing
with GitHub specit or BMAD or Cloudflow
or GSD.
It's more like those tools are great,
but what if you want to build your own?
That's why it's a harness builder.
And so, um, yeah, in a second here, I'll
show you what it looks like to literally
just like take inspiration from GSD and
like build it as an Archon workflow.
Archon is very powerful. Going to scrap
the GitLab AI reviewer I developed
yesterday and use Archon instead. Archon
offers much more room for expansion.
Very cool. Yeah, I appreciate it. Uh,
and you know what you can do is not
scrap what you built, but uh, point the
Archon repo to look at what you built
for inspiration to turn it into an
Archon workflow.
And and so yet another thing that I want
to, you know, re-emphasize here is you
don't have to ditch what you already
have if you want to build archon
workflows because you can bring in your
skills and commands. You can reference
other other frameworks or other tools
that you built to use as inspiration
either for the prompting or just like
the general process that you'd want to
lay out at in a node by node basis.
you're always able to um work with what
you already have because I don't I don't
want to that's another one of the
problems with with all the other
harnesses that are out there. Like
they're cool, but they require you to
pretty much change how you work
fundamentally. And that's just not going
to fly. Especially if you're working on
a team, like if you're at an enterprise
level and you already have a process for
your software development life cycle,
it's really really hard for you as a an
enterprise level like as a team to adopt
something like BMAD because you have to
change how you work. But with Archon,
you don't change how you work because
you're building the layer on top of the
coding agent that actually enforces
that. So you get to even um in a better
way take how you work and use coding
agents with that.
Um yep Rasmus same here. Use it every
day since November. No bans using the
cloud agent SDK with the anthropic
subscription.
Oh yeah. When are there going to be
archon hoodies and merch? I would be
interested. Yeah. Um, yeah. I mean,
merch for Dynamis and or Archon would be
pretty cool. I don't know like how much
of an interest there would really be for
that, but it could be cool. I mean, my
man Nate Herk is always rocking his um
his merch in his uh YouTube videos now.
It would be cool to have a a sweatshirt
or sweater or something that I wear when
I'm recording. Yeah.
All right.
Yeah. Very cool. Well, meld archon and
my QA bot. That's the way to do it. Meld
it with what you've already got 100%.
All right.
At peak, I had 30 something archon
workflows running in parallel across
four projects. You know, with the
anthropic rate limits now, you probably
won't be able to do that, but uh that's
very cool. We we've been spoiled at some
points. So, uh, within the like, you
know, the last couple of weeks up until
this week, Archon or not Archon,
Anthropic was doing a special where it's
like in off hours you had, uh, two times
lower rate limits. And trust me, I was
taking advantage of that, chugging
through like eight poll requests in
parallel for like the entire day
straight, multiple days.
Well, not the entire day straight, but
like during the off hours. Uh, so yeah,
it's it's a little unfortunate, but I am
I am doing some experimentation with
like other models that like, you know,
Miniax.
It's just not as good as Opus, but you
still get quite a bit of power. So, if
you have the right harness, you can get
really good results even with something
like Miniax M2.7. So, I am experimenting
with some things that'll get into the
dark factory we'll talk about in a bit.
I am experimenting with some things
though to be able to scale the number of
workflows I can run in parallel and not
have to worry about rate limits. It'll
get a little costly, but I mean the
point of using these smaller models is
it won't get too costly.
All right. Yeah, that's right, Sean.
Spicy mango shirts. And man, spicy mango
hasn't come up in a while now. I'll I'll
need to fit that into more YouTube
videos, but it's like an ongoing joke
where um I don't even remember where it
originated. It was like something with
GPT where like I was asking for recipes
in a YouTube video and it kept like
bringing up spicy mango even between
conversations where there's no long-term
memory. So, it just kind of became a
joke from there.
All right.
Let's see.
All right. Um, you know what? So, man,
there's so many good questions in the
chat still. But I do want to get to the
next part here where I will uh build a
workflow with you guys.
So, let's let's go back into our
repository.
I'm going to close out of this session
and start a new one.
All right. So, here, hold on. Let me
clear. There we go. All right. So, what
I want to show you guys now is how to
build a custom workflow in Archon.
And there are a million different ways
or different kinds of workflows you can
build.
And like I said, you can take
inspiration from all these existing
ones, even pointing archon to look at
these to, you know, understand best
practices and how we've been building
workflows already. But as a as an
example, like I've teased already, I
want to build GSD
as an archon workflow. So GSD, it's a a
lightweight and powerful metaprompting
context engineering spec driven
development system. Little bit of word
salad there, but basically it's a
simplistic approach to going from
planning all the way to getting your
work done with coding agents. It's it's
it's nice.
and um he I actually really appreciate
the inspiration behind the project. So
he says other spectrum and development
tools exist like BMAD and SpecKit, but
they all seem to make things way more
complicated than they need to be which I
agree with this. I actually already said
this in the live stream where these
tools are very inspirational, but just
like it's more than you really want in
your process and they're so opinionated.
You've got your sprint ceremonies and
story points and stakeholder syncs and
retrospectives and jurro workflows.
I'm not a 50 person software company. I
don't want to play enterprise theater.
And like preach, man. Like that's good.
So I built GSD. The complexity is in the
system, not in your workflow.
So the the system gives Claude
everything it needs to do the work and
verify it, right? Like that's that's the
harness here is it's a system for
planning, implementing, and validating.
A lot of like what I've already been
talking about. I trust the workflow. It
does it just does a good job. It just
gets it done.
And so I want to take some of the these
ideas here. So I'm not like, okay, I'm
not going to build this like step by
step in Archon. I'm not going to build a
replica, but I'm going to take the
general flow of the different phases
like discussing and planning and
executing and some of their strategies
for splitting up work into different
stages and their verification. I want to
take inspiration from this, but I'm
going to do it with Claude. So watch
this. I'm going to copy this repo. I'm
going to paste it in and I'm just going
to say load the archon skill. I want you
to help me make an archon workflow
that uh takes very heavy inspiration
from GSD, the repo that I gave you the
path to here. So, I want you to analyze
the repo. I want you to dig deep into
the process here and how it goes through
the different phases, how it manages
tasks and does verification. And I want
you to analyze other workflows in
Archon, some of the defaults to get an
idea for like how those work and how we
could translate ideas from GSD into a
new workflow that we'll create that'll
basically go through the same process
having human approval gates for
different steps of the way within
planning and validation.
So, and actually one more thing that I
want to add to the prompt here is I'll
say I want you to after you do your
research, ask me questions. to make sure
that we're aligned on what this workflow
does and how we're going to take
inspiration from GSD.
And so, I mean, if you wanted to go so
far, you could pretty much replicate all
of GSD as an archon workflow. That would
take a lot of work. I think that would
take too long to do in this live stream,
which is why I'm doing it more like and
like, you know, let's just take
inspiration from GSD versus replicate
it. Exactly. But we'll still get
something pretty similar here. I
actually did already test this before
the live stream and the results were
were pretty good.
Now, it is going to take a while to do
the research initially or at least a
decent amount of time. So, I'll answer
some more questions while we let this
run. Uh, but I think this is a nice demo
because without getting too complex
here, just showing you at a high level
how it's like no matter what you want to
build, just describe your process, have
it look at existing workflows for
reference. And of course, Archon skill
helps and then just start building with
it. In fact, one of the workflows that
we have is a workflow builder. It's very
meta, but whenever we want to build a
workflow, we can use this. It just kind
of provides some more structure, right?
It's a harness around building more
custom workflows. A harness around
building harnesses. If I had a dime for
every time I said harness in this live
stream, I would just go retire.
All right.
Let's see.
By the way, I built Colm for agent
memory context engine. Close to 100
stars already. It's pretty cool.
Congratulations.
Yeah, long-term memory for AI coding is
uh it's very powerful, very needed.
Let's see. Um, do you have the
possibility to temporarily run commands
from the web UI like running a dev
server from your work tree to check the
look and feel of your change from your
workree?
Yeah. So, we have played around with the
idea of having like a basic terminal in
the web UI to do things like that, but
we haven't built that yet.
Um, it's one of those things where it's
like, let's see if people really need
that before we build it. A lot of what
we built into Archon up until this point
has been like, you know, just, you know,
only like three people really sharing
their opinions. And well, okay,
obviously it's not just three people
because we've had this in the Dynamis
community for a while as well, but for
the most part, we haven't had like
hundreds of people using it yet or
thousands of people using it yet like we
are about to. We kind of already have
now this week. And so, we'll see how
people really use it. And I'm thinking
about um getting like feedback from the
YouTube and Dynamis community as a whole
for what kind of features we want.
Things like this we might want to build,
but I just want to be careful with
feature bloat. I want to make sure like
there are a lot of things that sound
good on paper, but like maybe people
don't actually end up needing that. So,
for the old version of Archon that I was
building over last summer and like
released in August, that one we we made
the mistake of building in way too many
things up front. Like there was a ton of
different configuration parameters and
stuff that like sounded really good on
paper, but then like no one ever
actually used it. Like I'd constantly
like show things like that on live
streams or in Dynamus workshops and
people would be like, "Wow, I didn't
even know that was a thing." like I well
I like saw it but I just like glazed
over it because I didn't really care
about it. So that that's the kind of
thing I want to look out for. Um but
yeah, I definitely would be interested
in like adding more support in the web
UI for being able to like actually
manage everything yourself, not just
relying on Archcom. Now the other thing
is you could just ask Archon to spin up
the site in the work tree, right? Like
it it could take care of that even by
itself. So you don't necessarily need a
place for like you to run the commands
yourself when you can just ask the
coding agent to do it. But I I still
think that that could definitely be a
good addition to the web UI.
All right.
Let's see. How do you pause all or a
graceful pause? Yeah, there no way to do
that right now in Archon because the
pause is reserved for human in the loop
workflows. So, it really is like you
either abandon the workflow. Well, okay.
Actually, there there kind of is support
for it. It's just not direct cuz you can
abandon a workflow
and then you can uh resume it later.
It's just if you click abandon, it's not
going to like show up in the web UI as
something you can resume. But there is a
CLI option to resume a workflow. So you
could just if you have to like shut it
down for whatever reason, you could just
say like, hey, like I want you to
interrupt and stop these workflows. And
then later on you could tell Claude
like, okay, resume these workflows. And
if it's in the same session, it'll it'll
remember the workflow ids that are
stored in the you know the SQLite
database or Postgress database under the
hood so that it can it can pick up where
it left off. So it'll basically just
like retry the node that it that was
interrupted and then continue the
workflow from there. So yeah, just kind
of thing you just ask the agent to do
it. It knows how to to how to do that.
All right, cool. So we got we're only at
50% and it resets in 55 minutes. So our
limit is good here and it's going
through. So you can see that it um
finished all of the GitHub fix issue
workflows. Now it's just doing the
validation here. So if I go back to
Archon um man I have so many sessions
open up. Uh which one was it? Yeah, this
one here. So let's see.
So it's checking in on all the workflows
over time.
Um done.
There we go. So, yeah, you can see that
all of the fixed workflows were done. We
have the pull requests created and then
it launches the validate PR in parallel.
So, sorry, I know I'm jumping around a
little bit here, but I just want to show
you the other thing that we've had
running this entire time. We created the
pull requests, those four in parallel,
and now we're doing the the reviews all
in parallel as well. And that's what
we're seeing in the the web UI here as
well. And then we have the interactive
PRD that I'm just going to kind of
abandon because I don't want to spend
time on that right now.
All right.
Oh, yeah. Thank you very much. Yeah,
congrats on the 200,000 subs. I
appreciate it. Yeah, so that happened
literally just yesterday. I I reached
200,000 subscribers. So, yeah, pretty
big milestone. I don't get a plaque for
that like the 100,000 unfortunately, but
it still feels really good to get to
that point. So, yeah, thank you.
All right, cool. So, all right, let's
see what we got here. So, we got the
core summary of GSD. It implements a
spec driven pipeline with these phases,
questioning, parallel research,
requirements, road map, uh, perphase
loop, and then um, we get our complete
milestone.
So, that's like the end result of going
through the whole spec driven flow.
lists out some key patterns here like
the plan checker as a gatekeeper before
execution, goal backward verification,
which um yeah, I mean that this is the
thing with all these frameworks is
there's so much like word soup, word
salad, like what does that even mean?
And obviously it's not that hard to like
get into the read me and stuff, but I
don't even remember exactly what all
these things mean. And I've used GST
before. Uh okay, so here's what Archon
supports for us.
The closest existing workflow is the
archon piv loop which yeah that's like
literally the workflow that I described
here in the diagram. So this is the
closest to GSD because it has the same
stages of planning and then implementing
and then validating.
Okay, so now it asks us some questions
here. Uh wow, it asks us seven
questions. Okay, let me try to get
through these really quick. So uh is
this a full project or a single feature?
GSD covers an entire project life cycle.
Archon workflows typically target a
single feature or issue.
Um,
wait a second. I'm actually kind of
confused by the question.
Oh, I see. So, it's like, do we want to
have it build an entire PRD for like an
entire project or is it more like a
workflow that takes a PRD or feature
description and runs GSC style plan?
Actually, let's do that. Yeah. So, for
question number one, let's do something
in between. So workload takes a PRD or a
feature description and runs GSD style
plan execute verify. That makes more
sense. Um for the planning rigger,
yes, I want the full planning rigger of
GSD.
Uh I do want all layers of verification
like GSD.
Where should human humans have approval?
Let's just do the same as GSD. Actually,
a lot of these questions aren't that
good because it's just saying like, hey,
what part of GSD you want? I really do
want all parts of GSD for the sake of
the demo here. And uh yep. So we'll do
parallel research 100%.
Uh where does the progress live?
Yes, I want to create similar structured
state files as GSD in the artifacts
directory. That makes sense.
Uh naming and positioning. How do you
want to position this relative to
existing workflows? Something like
archon GSD or archon rigorous dev? Uh,
yeah, let's just call it archon j-gsd.
All right. Okay. Honestly, I wasn't that
impressed with the questions it asked me
there because mostly it was like, do you
really want all this parts of GST? Which
maybe that kind of speaks to how GST is
a little overengineered. Like they they
claim to be the simple version of things
like BMAB, but I still think it has a
little much. Um, but also like people
get good results with it. Like trust me,
it's popular for a reason. So I I do
want to build an archon workflow here
that that uh really takes inspiration
from every part of GSD.
So all right, we'll let it continue to
rip here. So it's reading through uh
some example workflows here, reading
through the rule, my rules for workflows
and how to build them, gathering context
to then create the YAML for me here.
Um open code integration. Yeah, so open
code is one of the the uh coding agents
we are we are considering adding that
and PI agents. Yep. We'd love to add
more.
All right,
let's see. Um, Archon doesn't work on
Windows because it can't find the cloud
code executable at runtime. Looks like
it's a a known crossplatform issue
between Linux, Mac, and Windows builds.
Uh, so I'm running on Windows myself.
I've never had that problem before. Um,
so I'm not sure why that would be the
case. If you installed through the
binary, there might be a bug in the
binary. I would try doing the
installation method that's higher up in
the readme where you clone the repo and
then you go into claude and you just ask
it to help you set up archon. I would
try that instead. That's the only thing
I could think of. Otherwise, I'm not
sure why it would say it can't find the
claude code executable because when
you're running archon, it's just using
claude under the hood and it's just
using it in the same way that you if you
ran claude from the terminal. So, it
shouldn't be different.
Uh what inspired me to build archon? Ah
good question. So yeah, I kind of talked
about things related to this in the
stream already, but uh really it's like
I see the direction that we're heading
with AI coding. So this is what I talked
about at the very very start of the
stream. So maybe you weren't there at
the start of the stream, which I mean
probably a lot of you guys watching
right now weren't, which is all good. Uh
but like AI started with prompt
engineering, generative AI like that was
the big deal. Like how can we get the
single best output from a model and then
that evolved into context engineering
especially for AI coding. It's like
creating a whole ecosystem of context
for our agent to handle longer running
tasks. And that's like the big thing in
2025.
And now this year it's like how do we
create a system that combines coding
agent sessions together to do longer
work and how do we like really build our
coding process as an agentic coding
workflow. So the harness is the layer
that wraps the coding agent to combine
sessions together and add in more
control for us. That's how we really get
reliable results with coding agents. And
so I've been really really doing a lot
of research and deep dives into harness
engineering over the past few months.
But the problem is we have all of these
closed source harnesses like Stripe
shared stripe minions and Shopify is
Shopify roast and adws is building their
internal harnesses and and we have
things like Ralph loops which are open
source but also like not very intricate
or like I mean the main problem is
there's nothing out there that's like
custom to you. So I wanted to build a
tool that allows you to build your own
harness. So no matter what your process
looks like for AI coding, you can create
it as a full workflow in Archon and then
also run it at scale because we support
the parallel execution like I've been
demoing in the live stream here. So
that's the inspiration. It's like I see
where AI coding is heading and there's
nothing like Archon right now. Like
literally the only examples we have of
anything like Archon is is a single
harness. So it's not custom to you. It's
very opinionated. Most of them are
closed source and now this is the layer
that build where you can build any of
them or build your own. Yeah.
All right. Thank you very much for your
donation. I appreciate it a lot.
All right.
Cool. So,
let's see what else we got here.
Um,
I do like cancel over abandon as well.
More severe and implies the token use
loss, right? Yeah, I mean you can resume
it, but then you're restarting the last
node that interrupted, which is Yeah, I
guess kind of what you're getting at.
All right. Um, so anyway, true story.
This is the missing link. Glad you think
so. Yeah, I mean I I really do like this
all signal points to this. This is the
most important thing. this year for AI
coding, building software in general,
and there's just not enough people
paying attention to it.
Like, okay, as much as I appreciate how
much people are focusing on the new
features in cloud code, like mo it seems
like most people making AI content right
now are just like covering the new
things in claude code like over and over
and over again. And like yeah, Anthropic
is doing some very incredible things.
It's like it is important to cover that
but also it's like like look look past
that like what what's what what are like
the real ways to actually get good
results with AI coding assistance. It's
not just being hyperfocused on the
individual features from anthropic
releasing the cloud code. It it's
focusing on how you build systems around
AI coding. That's what I feel feel like
people aren't paying enough attention to
and what I'm really trying to focus on
myself.
All right, cool. So, let me open up.
Let's see where we're at right now.
Okay, actually I I just saw it finish.
Good. So, perfect timing here.
All right.
So, yeah. One moment. I'm just looking
at something on my other monitor here.
Okay.
All right. So, it built the full
workflow.
Um, actually, let me take a look at what
it did here.
Okay. So, it built out the YAML.
It registered it as one of my default
workflows. So, I I could actually like
ship this to Archon today. I might
actually do that, but I'll probably have
to do a lot of validation of this before
I actually push this live. But, it could
be a cool workflow for you guys to use.
All right. Um, and then so it ran the
validate command to make sure that all
the parameters are good. So, we have
some things built into the CLI to
validate workflows as well. I haven't
tested end to end yet, but we can
definitely do that as well.
And so, okay, here's our pipeline. So,
we spin up four agents to research in
parallel. We synthesize everything into
a summary and then we extract
requirements with acceptance criteria
and then we have an interactive loop to
lock in the context. We create the
plant. This is pretty comprehensive. GSD
does a lot like it does more than you'd
think when they claim to be something
simple, but this is cool. It's really
cool that we built this as a full archon
workflow. And then we verify the plan,
we have the human review, and then we
execute.
And then we do our verification, code
review, and human acceptance at the end.
Man, that is that is a lot. But there we
go. That's what we just built. So, let's
actually take a look at this here. So,
if I go in, we have the new workflow,
and it's pretty long. I mean, it's it's
over,200 lines long, but that's just
because all the prompts are in line. So,
if I were to like really make this
concise, what I would do is I would take
all of these really long inline prompts
and I would make them as commands like
we saw in the GitHub issue fix workflow.
Like this step is so much nicer looking
because the whole prompt is just a
command. So, it references the external
markdown document. But anyway, we can
address that. It's kind of nice to see
it all in one place at first anyway,
which is why I have it build like that.
Um, so okay. So, for research, we
decided to use Sonnet. Maybe we'd want
to change that to ha coup. Totally up to
you. Obviously doing that in a fresh
session. So you are one of four parallel
research agents. Your focus is on
technology stack dependencies and
development environment. And then we
have researching the features. We're
doing that in parallel as well. Um
cool.
And then yeah so we just have a bunch of
research agents here. So four research
agents running in parallel.
And then we have the uh research
synthesis. So it depends on all these
being done, right? So these four can run
in parallel but now this one has to run
after. So it depends on these four being
done and then we do our synthesis. So
these agents
uh have exported in parallel. Now we
need to bring everything together into a
single document and then we send that
into the requirements gathering. So I
mean most of what we're doing copying
and GSD is just their prompting right
and then like the different nodes for
the different stages. So
what do we have here? Okay. Yeah. So
here's where we have the human approval
gate. So we send the message to the
user. Here's what you have to approve.
Like here's the document that we just
produced with the whole plan of attack
split out into phases or whatever it
does here. Uh so yeah, I don't I don't
really want to like go into the details
of every single node here. That's not
really the point. But what we can do is
we can also view the workflow in the web
UI. So if I go to workflows here, I
scroll down.
Uh well, actually, hold on. I might need
to restart the back end. No, it's right
here. Yeah. So if I click edit, um take
a look at this. Look at that. That's
pretty cool. So we can also see the
workflow in the UI. So we can see that
we have these four running in parallel.
So that that's set up that correctly.
And then we do the research, synthesis,
requirements, blah blah blah. I mean,
this is a lot. I I probably won't be
able to run this whole thing with you
guys right now. Uh but I could I could
get started. I think I have Yeah, I
should be good on my limits here. So,
let's let's try this right now. Um
trying to think what a good example
would be to run this. We're we're not
going to be able to see this run to
completion because this is going to take
way too long. Um, but at least just
showing you guys the start of it because
then that that's like the full life
cycle of like we had an idea for a
workflow, we had Archon research how to
build it, we built it, and then we run
it. Like it's that easy to build
anything. And so maybe what I'll do is
I'll run GSD to handle a GitHub issue. I
guess we could do that. Um, or no, you
know, here's what we'll We'll have it
we'll have it create uh the PI agent
like okay I want you to uh run the GSD
workflow here to build support for the
PI agent SDK into archon as the third
coding agent.
And then uh let me make sure I knew it
would say that wrong. PI agent SDK
I could do open code. I could handle an
issue. I I could do whatever. Right.
This GSD workflow is very general. It's
going to walk us through this very
comprehensive process to build anything.
So there we go. So we'll have it kick
off the the CLI here. So we can monitor
it in the web UI. We could even kick
this off from the web UI as well. And I
know I haven't really showed that in
this live stream here, but we can run
our workflows directly from the web UI
as well. Like for example, check this
out. I can go into the chat here and I
can say um use the archon assist
workflow to summarize the readme for
archon. So I just want to do kind of
like a a faster example here. But
anything that we're doing from the CLI
where we're asking claude code to invoke
the CLI, we can just do it right from
the web UI. So if you want to like have
this deployed to a VPS running remotely,
you can definitely do that. So you can
see that it dispatches the workflow. It
picks the so it routes to the right
repository out of our registered
projects because it has knowledge of all
of that injected into its context. And
then we can also view the logs for the
workflow in real time as well. This is
just a simple single node workflow.
obviously
but yeah we'll get the results here and
then we can see that uh populate in the
chat as well. So this is like the the
main chat here is like your
orchestrator, right? And then you can
click into the logs for any individual
workflow. Uh I don't know why that had
that blip there, but yeah. Anyway, so
you can click in and view the logs for
individual workflows.
Um and then here, let me click in. So we
have our um GSD workflow running as
well. So we can view the logs for this.
We can see that it is currently in the
middle of we can see that the like
loading indicator for all of the initial
research. So all these four are running
in parallel right now and we can see the
logs coming in in real time right here
as it's going through all the tool
calls. So basically all the tool calls
from these nodes running in parallel are
just being pushed here if we want to see
what they're doing.
Pretty cool. Uh yeah, this will
definitely take a while to go through
this process. But I I am actually keen
on going through this full GSD workflow.
I'm going to end with a poll request for
the PI Asian SDK and then I'll I'll
circle back with Raasmus and see what he
thinks if this was actually a good
implementation because he's working on
this as well. Um, but yeah, I I might
actually push this GSD workflow as one
of the default bundled ones because I
think it's just such a good example of
how we can take a harness that's already
out there and build it into Archon. Not
that there's necessarily a huge reason
to use Archon over just running GSD
directly, but more just to show how like
Archon goes above any existing harness
because it allows you to build any of
them. That's the power of it.
All right.
Um, okay. What if this could also be
task centric? Pick the right workflow
and the workflow combinations according
to the task. I mean, you can basically
already do that because you can have
Archon load the Archon skill, look at
all the workflows that it has access to,
and then you can describe a larger scope
of work and have it figure out the
workflows to run. Or maybe it's just
like a single workflow because you can't
wrap up your entire process. But I like
where your head's at with that because I
mean, yeah, certainly. And like this
kind of gets into um integrating Archon
with your second brain. Your second
brain, it learns how you work over time,
right? So it kind of knows like based on
Cole how Cole likes to work, I think
like these archon workflows are what we
should invoke to like handle this thing
he wants to build. So that's definitely
like a different discussion for another
day.
But I I could do a whole live stream or
a whole Dynamus workshop on that.
All right. Very cool. So yeah, while we
wait for this to run here uh to for it
to get to the next step, I'm going to
chat about Dynamus with you guys really
quick here as well. Oh, look. It looks
like two of the workflows ran or the
nodes are done. So, there's just two
more we're waiting on here. But yeah, um
Archon, a lot more workshops coming in
in the Dynamus community soon here. And
then also we got Okay, man. This 4hour
workshop that I did last week in Dynamus
went so incredibly well. Like there
there are dozens of people in the
community that are building their second
brains right now and like sharing what
they're doing and like how they're
adapting things to be more specific to
them. Like there's so much energy in the
community right now for people building
their own second brains and like going
off of like the template that I gave in
the workshop. It's so cool to see. So if
you want to be a part of that like here
I'm going to I'm going to put a link to
to this in the chat here. There's a a
special that I'm running for just this
live stream. So, if you go to the link
here, we got a special 10% off the uh
the usual price for the community. And
this special is going to end once the
live stream is done. So, this is your
chance to join the community and get in
on everything that I'm doing more
workshops for Archon coming and uh also
the whole like third course that I'm
adding to Dynamus for the second based
on the second brain boot camp. And then
I got the AI agent mastery and agent
coding courses as well. Um, so yeah, all
of everything that I'm doing with
Archon, I've used all of my strategies
that I cover in the Agentic coding
course in order to build Archon. So I
definitely um I don't just like, you
know, say do as I say, not as I do,
right? Like I I actually like use all
the approaches every single day that I
cover in the courses and the workshops I
do in the community. So I'd love to see
you join the community. And uh uh yeah,
again, for everyone who's in the
community in the stream already, always
appreciate your guys' support and being
here.
So, all right, let's see where we're at
now.
Um,
okay. So, it's still running actually.
Let's see. Thought the research would be
done by now. Um, oh no. Okay, it's
almost getting there. So, well, no. Oh,
the research is done, but it has to
create the plan before it gets our
approval. So, we haven't reached the
next approval step yet, which is why the
workflow is um still running in the
background. But once it's done and it
gets to the first human approval gate,
then the workflow will pause and we'll
get some output here questions for us or
whatever. Like it'll give us the plan to
review if we want.
All right,
cool.
Um why define a model in the workflow?
But what if we want AI to judge the
model on the fly based on complexity?
That's a that's a very fair question. So
the main reason is
how do you tell like
the the the main AI agent that invokes
the workflow? It doesn't really have a
good idea of how powerful the models
are. And it's a really tricky problem to
solve. like how do I describe what haiku
is capable of or what sonnet is capable
of like you'd have to be very confident
in your prompting in order to like
really like give that control to the
agent which is why we haven't really
built that at this point. Now if if you
do want to like really take your time to
build out some kind of framework for the
agent to figure out like how powerful
each model is or like you tell it how
powerful each model is so it can figure
out what nodes need what models. you
definitely could leave it up to the
agent and and um that's definitely
something we thought about adding
support for is making it so that instead
of it being hardcoded for each node,
it's like the agent reads the workflow,
picks the model for each step, and then
sends it off based on the specific task
because maybe the research for one
specific implementation is actually
going to be very complicated. So, we
would want to use Opus for the research
and then maybe we only need Sonnet for
the verification because we think the
research is going to be good enough. I
don't know. I'm just kind of throwing a
random example out there, but definitely
like that could be a really good
addition to Archon.
All right.
Super cool that I can use my
subscription with this tool we'll be
driving in today. Yeah, sounds great.
And yeah, it it's fantastic. It if I
couldn't use my Anthropic subscription
with Archon, I would be using Codeex
instead with Archon 100%.
Yep.
Okay. So anyway, the workflow completed
its first three phases and it's now
paused at the requirements approval
gate. Very good. So here's what it
finished and um
now it's saying do the requirements look
good. So obviously I need to know where
the requirements are. That might be
something that I need to address. So the
workflow didn't like clearly state where
the requirements are. So I I have to ask
it. I mean that probably something I
should improve in the workflow. So keep
in mind that like just like your code
bases, when you use Archon to build a
workflow, it probably isn't going to be
perfect first time around. You're going
to have to iterate on the prompting and
the nodes. So like right here, it's kind
of annoying that I have to ask like, you
know, where where's the requirements
document? Like give me the exact path so
that I can actually read through this.
Um because right now it just kind of
left me in the dark. So I mean, it's not
a huge deal that I just asked for the
path, but it's a little annoying.
So let's get that then we'll actually
take a look quick. Okay. So, this here
is the path to it.
Okay.
So, I'll open this up in my IDE and
we'll go to the summary.
I think yeah, so I'm I'm building this
so quickly live that like I don't have
my head wrapped around the whole
workflow right now. But I think the
summary is is the synthesis from all So,
these are like the research documents
from each of the agents in parallel. And
then this is the the synthesis that I'm
going to have to review myself. So we're
adding the PI agent SDK as a third AI
coding agent into archon along with the
existing cloud and codecs. Uh keep
findings what already exists. So okay,
this is good. This is what I talked
about a little bit earlier in the
stream. It is going to be so easy to
build more coding agents into archon
because it just has to reference how
we've built things already for cloud and
codecs. It's definitely going to oneshot
this. So make sure we research PI agent
first. We'll create the PI assistant
defaults. So just again based off the
patterns that we already have for cloud
and codecs.
We'll implement we'll follow the
cloud.ts structure lazy logger async
generator to send the query into PI. You
guys probably don't care about the
details here. I'm actually pretty
interested in this. It it really
understands what to do here. Um defining
uh hooks and MCP and skills. Love that.
uh laying out the critical risks as
well, like things that we have to make
sure we validate and be extra careful
with or do more research for. And then
it has open questions for us as well.
And um so maybe what I'll do right here
is I will answer the open questions and
then send it off like approve the the
workflow to continue with the rest here.
So okay. All right. There are some open
questions in the summary. I'm going to
answer this quickly and then I want you
to approve the workflow to continue. So
for the PI agent SDK package name u well
you know actually I don't know that. So
I need you to search the web u for that.
Um
oh actually none of these questions are
for me. These are all things that it has
to research. So I I need you to research
each of the uh answers to the open
questions in the summary and then send
that in as context to approve the
workflow. Okay. So little bit of a pivot
there. I thought it was like questions
to align with me, but it was more just
like uh you know mechanically how does
the PI agent SDK work? So, we'll have it
figure these things out. I thought that
it would find those things in its own
research, but I guess it's just like
these are the gaps in the research that
weren't covered by the other agents. So,
yeah. Okay. So, it'll research these and
then fill it in and then continue the
workflow. So, it's pretty cool. We have
a combination here of like we continue
to work with Claude ourself and then we
like pass context into the workflow when
we want to continue it. And like that's
the flexibility that I love with Archon
is we aren't like once we send off the
workflow as long as we have human
approval gates. We don't have to just
like let it go blindly and then end with
that like final result. like we get to
work with it along the way and even talk
to our main Asian orchestrator to help
us like guide the workflow if we really
want to make the process reliable and
how we usually work.
So it takes a bit more time to do that,
but in the end it's going to save you
time when we have a process that's so
elaborate like this with the human
approval gates and everything.
All right,
cool. Um, okay. So, one thing I got to
be honest with you guys on is uh the
stream is going on so long that I I
don't think Oops, I didn't mean to do
that. Uh I don't think I'll be able to
do the Dark Factory stuff today, but I
might do, you know, I probably will do a
separate live stream uh next week for
the dark factory stuff. This is going to
get very involved. So, I did a lot of
prep for this. I'm like really excited
for this, but it would take me at least
another hour and a half to like go
through the whole setup here with you
guys. Um, and I've just had such a blast
like helping you guys understand the
value propositions of Archon and how to
use it and how to build workflows and
going through all your questions. I
really appreciate all of your guys'
questions today. And so I I'd much
rather like focus on on that and have
more of an introduction to Archon live
stream versus like trying to force in
this really fancy dark factory thing
that's going to be quite involved.
Um, okay. So cool. Now we got the
research sending into the workflow.
We'll let that run in the background. So
I hope that sounds good to you guys
because I I might also make a YouTube
video on the dark factory stuff as well.
I think that'd be super interesting.
Um just to like maybe even kind of do
like a build in public series where I
show like how I'm setting up the archon
workflows to manage different parts of
the dark factory. How I have the code
base kind of like self-evolve with AI
managing literally all of the code
review and codew writing. I think that
could be cool. So, I'm curious what you
guys think as well if you like the idea
of that.
Um, yeah, a lot of lot of ideas I have
swimming around in my mind right now for
content for the next week. A lot of
exciting things with Archon and Second
Brain content and just general
strategies for AI coding.
Okay. Wow, the workflow is already done.
Is there another human approval gate?
Let me see what Oh, curious what
happened here.
Oh, it's now in the discussion phase.
It's reasking the open questions because
the research answers didn't fully
propagate the discussion node. Oh, okay.
There might have been a problem in the
workflow. So, again, there always option
or opportunities to improve your
workflow when you run it for the first
time.
Okay,
let's check what our usage is at right
now.
Okay, we're at uh 60%.
Not bad. We've been doing a lot with
with Archon workflows this live stream
and we've only you we've used about 43%
of our 5h hour limit in this live
stream, but there's a lot of work. We we
handled five or four GitHub issues,
validated them entirely. We're running a
GSD workflow and there's a ton of other
stuff that I've been prompting with
Claude to like create workflows and
stuff as well. Like it's pretty token
efficient.
So when you create your own workflows,
just be careful that you're not using
Opus for literally everything if you're
using quad code or or make sure you're
not using like the high reasoning GPT
5.4 codecs if you're using codecs uh for
everything. So, but as long as you're
for the pro the nodes that don't require
as much reasoning, you're not using like
the best model for everything. The
workflows can be very comprehensive but
really token efficient at the same time.
Okay. So, there we go. We're we're
continuing now in the workflow.
All right. So, I think what I'm going to
do here is I'm going to answer a couple
more questions
and then I will um end the stream.
I think we'll call it there. But yeah, I
definitely want to answer some more
questions for you guys. We'll see how
far we can get in this workflow here.
One thing I just realized though is I
think my
my YouTube chat might be frozen. I might
need to refresh.
Yeah, hold on. Let me let me do
something quick.
Sorry, guys. I got to pop out the chat
again.
pop out chat. Sorry, my my streaming
software is being like finicky right
now. For some reason, I'm not seeing the
chats come in on my other platform.
Uh oh, I just lost them all. Shoot.
That's unfortunate. Well, I can answer
some questions, but I won't be able to
show it on my screen.
Uh let's see if I can blitz through a
couple here.
Let's see.
Yeah. Oh yeah. So someone mentioned
Anthropics advisor mode. Yeah. So I I am
interested in building that into archon.
So the advisor mode is basically you can
use less powerful anthropic models to do
like the grunt work the implementation
and then you have it like call into a
larger model like opus or maybe mythos
if that's really going to become a thing
for us. And then it like kind of like
just asks it for guidance and then it
continues to do the implementation or
planning or whatever. That's pretty
cool.
All right.
And yes, Joe, you can use and you can
use Archon 3 or anthropic subscription.
Yep, 100%.
All right.
Um, can we let the user decide which
models he wants to allocate to his task?
Um, or is it kind of hardcoded at the
node workflow level? So, you can have
your coding agent edit the workflow
live. Otherwise, it is hardcoded. Not it
is something we are interested in adding
though support for like defining the
models up front or like live during the
live execution.
Yeah.
All right. Um, let's see. What about rag
and storing previous questions on SDKs
and such? I wouldn't want every workflow
that works with Python to search the
SDK.
So, well, the thing about archon is you
can build in your own memory system.
Like, if you have a way using git logs
or claude mem or or rag like whatever
you have for memories for your agent,
you can build that into archon workflows
because you can give it the skill or the
MCP or or just like the prompting for it
to use whatever. Um so that the
flexibility of archon is like you don't
have to abandon any approach or wait for
us to support it directly. Like if you
want to use linear you can just attach
in the MCP or skill or like if you want
to use the claude mem framework or beads
or whatever like you can build that
directly into the uh archon workflow.
All right. Uh remind us what is the dark
factory. Okay. Yeah. Um
I'll I'll bring I'll talk about that for
a sec here. So okay the dark factory
it's the concept of having a code base
that is entirely managed by coding
agents. The coding agents handle the
coding the reviewing the the pull
requests and the releases. And so the
only thing that the human gives is the
issues for bugs or new features that
we're requesting.
But there's no human approval allowed.
all code just go straight to the main
branch once coding agents finish it. And
for a public experiment, I'm actually
really excited for this. For a public
experiment,
I want to have a repository that is a
dark factory and it's managed entirely
by Archon workflows. I think it's going
to be so cool and it's going to show the
power of Archon because we're going to
have workflows to triage issues like
figure out which ones we actually want
to address and then like do the
implementation, do the review, manage
the releases, deploy things to
production. It's going to be so cool.
So, I was going to like maybe get
started with that in the live stream
today, but there's no way like I gota I
got to do that in a separate live stream
or maybe even make a YouTube series on
it. So, that's what's up with the Dark
Factory. It's kind of a silly name, but
it's also kind of a really cool name.
So, that's what I'm calling it. A lot of
people have been like thinking about
this kind of thing. There's a use case
out there or like a anecdote out there
from Strong DM. If you guys have heard
of Strong DM, they basically built an
internal dark factory. StrongDM dark
factory.
So, they're they're a uh company that
so a strong DM AI lab with a simple
premise. how best to maximize building
software with AI. So they've created a
and this is like more internal so it's
not like open source like what I'm going
to do but they've built a system where
like they are pushing thousands and
thousands of lines to production like
like humans never review.
Not that I recommend that as the way to
go to get the most reliable production
software but the point is like it's an
experiment and I'm really excited to try
that out. So that's the plan.
All right.
Um, can we use local AI? Yeah. So, you
can you can have cloud code integrate
with Olama directly to use local AI
within Archon 100%. I would just uh look
into like the Olama
or Claude code. They have uh direct
integration if you want to look into how
to do that.
Yeah.
What does a dark factory do on a sunny
day? Well, you just have no windows.
That's what you do. Um, what is the
domain idea or function for my dark
factory project? Yes. So, this is going
to be another big thing. Where is my
repo? I have so many things open right
now. This is another big project that
I'm going to work on. And uh the dark
factory is going to be this is going to
be the use case for the dark factory. I
want to create an application that
allows you to basically chat with my
YouTube content. So, you can ask
questions and it's basically like you're
talking to me directly because it
performs rag over all my YouTube
content.
And then for those of you in the Dynamis
community, I also wanted to ingest all
of my course and workshop content in the
community. So, it's basically like your
own personal AI coach that has access to
all my information and maybe even going
so far as to like ingest um you know
like community posts and things like
that as well. I think this is going to
be such a cool example for the dark
factory because it's a relatively um
complex application like the whole rag
pipeline and the searching and the web
UI and everything but also it's going to
be very easily testable because we can
just like test conversations with like
the agent browser CLI. So you can have
like browser automation for the dark
factory to run like every time it does
validation on the codebase or like for a
specific issue. Um so that this is this
is what I'm planning on having as the
use case for the dark factory and then
it'll also be like a huge value ad to
the Dynamus community because then it'll
give you like a chat platform to talk
and ask any questions about any of the
courses or workshops or even like point
you to the videos in the courses or the
workshops to watch for things that you
want to learn. So yeah, I'm really
really excited for this. I wish I had
time to cover in the live stream today,
but yeah, I'm definitely I'm definitely
going to have to cover this later, but
I'll be using Archon workflows to like
guide the entire process of managing
issues and pull requests and reviews and
things like that. So, it's going to be
pretty exciting.
And yeah, there there is there's so much
content in the Dynamis community that
like it's it's hard to like really
navigate through it all. I mean, I make
it easy obviously to like look through
past workshops and I'm always like
letting you know like the things that
I'm working on and the courses and
stuff, but like there's a lot of stuff
there. So, I think this is going to be a
really big value ad. So, just yet
another one of those things coming to
the Dynamus community. So, you know, as
I end the live stream here, I just want
to give a link to this one more time
because there is the special discount
for Dynamus that's going away when the
live stream ends. And so if you're
interested in really being on the
forefront of archon and AI coding, if
you want to be a part of the weekly
workshops that I do and the new uh 4hour
second brain boot camp that I just did
last week, then come join and be a part
of the Dynamist community. I would love
to have you. So yeah, I know there
there's a lot of uh really really good
questions that I didn't get to in the
chat. It's always unfortunate. I I love
doing these live streams and I love all
your guys' questions. It's just hard cuz
there's like so much. Um, but yeah, if
you ever have any questions like feel
free to, you know, comment on my YouTube
videos as I do more on Second Brain and
and Archon content or, you know, always
available in the community to answer
your questions there. Uh, so yeah, I'm
going to go ahead and uh call the live
stream here, but stay tuned for more
content on Archon and the Dark Factory
stuff as I start doing that. It's going
to be a really really fun experiment.
And yeah, thank you everyone for for
being here. This is a really fun live
stream. I just I'm so passionate about
Archon right now. So, it's really cool
to just demonstrate everything to you
guys and answer your questions and build
workflows live. Uh might even push that
GSD1 to the repo if it works well.
Probably to, you know, iterate on that
though. But yeah, anyway, thank you
everyone for being here. I hope that you
guys have a fantastic weekend and I will
see you all on the channel and in the
Dynamus community. Take care everyone.